Jennifer C.: Morning.
Richelle Direny: Morning.
I retired.
Richelle Direny: I know I am. I thought I'll give you a shot to see if you can check them a little bit earlier. Since
Richelle Direny: My other appointment didn't show
Jennifer C.: Oh,
Jennifer C.: I'm glad you Jackson. Because if not, I probably wouldn't have got up.
Jennifer C.: No, I'm just kidding. Alarm set
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you're not a you're not a, you know,
Richelle Direny: Show you.
Jennifer C.: Today,
Jennifer C.: Three of them set up.
Richelle Direny: What three reminders.
Jennifer C.: I had three alarms and I know reminder
Jennifer C.: Um, yeah, I gotta go in at three, but I gotta go. I'm on my way to the kids in schools to pick up their lunches.
Jennifer C.: feel happy normal
Richelle Direny: Oh, okay, okay. When is the, um,
Richelle Direny: Oh, they're they're out of school for the rest of the year. Right.
Yes.
Jennifer C.: Yes.
Richelle Direny: So how are, how are you dealing with the them being out
Jennifer C.: Um, it's not too bad because I have to work a lot
Jennifer C.: Oh no, it's not bad.
Richelle Direny: What do you, how does your oldest
Jennifer C.: She'll be 13 in August.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay, so how is the How is she dealing with the younger one
Jennifer C.: She's really good with them. I mean, it's only for, like, what, five or six hours tops, so it's not too bad.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you mean between that you have
Jennifer C.: Yeah, well, I'm only gone for like five, maybe six hours and I'm only a minute down the road, literally one minute.
Richelle Direny: Oh ok ok ok the Dollar General is is close.
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Jennifer C.: So it's not you know it's not too bad.
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's good.
Richelle Direny: That's good.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so how is there, how was everything I know it's I'm a struggle to laugh because
Your
Richelle Direny: Your husband, you said is incarcerated. Right.
Jennifer C.: Yeah. And I just, they just actually locked him down because I guess one of the employees has corona.
Jennifer C.: So,
Jennifer C.: I was thinking I'm I might just write a letter to the governor
Richelle Direny: To get him released
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Jennifer C.: Because you know they released all these pregnant women that just had kids or are about to have kids that have eight months left and
Jennifer C.: Have never been in trouble before and he's got three kids, he's never been in trouble before and he's only got about eight months left. I don't see the difference between him and a woman, you know,
Richelle Direny: Well, I guess the differences that that you because when you when you give birth. I mean, I don't know how the system works. But if you give birth in the prison, don't you have the opportunity to have your kids in the prison with you.
Jennifer C.: Um, I don't know.
Richelle Direny: I thought that they do they, some of them get to keep the babies with them in there for a little while and they have everything set up.
Jennifer C.: For them to keep the baby. I mean,
Richelle Direny: I was watching. They don't have, they have like a documentary. They have like
Jennifer C.: Is it, you know.
Richelle Direny: Well then how some of these
Jennifer C.: These
Richelle Direny: I mean going there already predicting
Jennifer C.: Yeah, some of them do, like, some of them are already pregnant. Some of them probably get pregnant, I would imagine.
Jennifer C.: I, I still don't see the difference between a man and a woman. A woman having kids in a man having again.
Jennifer C.: You know,
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Jennifer C.: I don't know. I don't see gender and stuff like everybody else does, I guess.
Richelle Direny: I mean, there's some things that some things has to be applied. I mean, there's, there's
Richelle Direny: There is a day when it comes on to gender, but there. There are other things like we pick and choose how we want to apply it right
Richelle Direny: The circumstances in the situation. I mean you so you know you have to think about it from
Richelle Direny: Your perspective of, you know, your husband having three kids in you're out. You're out having to care for your kids on your own. So you're looking at it from the standpoint of at this point I want equality, because it's hard to take your three kids out here.
Jennifer C.: Right.
Richelle Direny: And I need the help. So you're
Jennifer C.: I mean, honestly, like, Well, honestly, like I could care less about the hell because right now at this point, I got this, you know,
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: Moments that it's challenging
Jennifer C.: Oh yeah, I do. But
Jennifer C.: I just don't want him to have this one to get sick and be stuck in a prison or potentially dying.
Richelle Direny: Because he's, he because of
Jennifer C.: The fact that it wasn't as bad as it was
Jennifer C.: Before someone there was sick. I didn't
Jennifer C.: When they are sick.
Mm hmm.
Jennifer C.: And prisons are Petri dishes.
Jennifer C.: So now we can potentially spread like
Richelle Direny: Your thing is breaking up now. I think they're driving that.
Jennifer C.: They really did.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, you know,
Richelle Direny: You were breaking up for a little bit there.
Jennifer C.: Um, what I was saying was, like, I didn't worry about it as much before because he he wasn't it, you know, there wasn't someone they're saying
Mm hmm.
Jennifer C.: And now, now it's like
Jennifer C.: It's a petri dish of sickness.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, because it's not just the coronavirus coronavirus is all you hear about and coronavirus know about. So right now, coronavirus is going to be your big thing in comparison to
Richelle Direny: You know, other things that he can he can contract or he can get while
Jennifer C.: Incarcerated right
Jennifer C.: And he's he's got like died, they found out when he was in there that he's diabetic, um,
Jennifer C.: It's just like, I don't know.
Richelle Direny: I think it's so what is it safe to say that before you. Everything is going to be
Richelle Direny: Heightened anything that you hear is going to be heightened because, I mean,
Richelle Direny: Connected to you. This is your spousal everything that you hear, even if you hear there's a breakout of hepatitis, you're going to have the same reaction, like all it released a release and because there's a break.
Jennifer C.: Right.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, so that's well not maybe hepatitis is curable.
Richelle Direny: Well, hypothetically speaking, isn't the corona somewhat careful. It's all about
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I just don't want them, I guess.
Richelle Direny: Anything, anything, um,
Jennifer C.: But isn't there.
Richelle Direny: Don't you think that the the coronavirus is curable.
Jennifer C.: I mean, if
Richelle Direny: You're breaking
He
Jennifer C.: But it's not right.
You're breaking okay now.
Jennifer C.: Hello.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, okay.
Jennifer C.: Um,
Jennifer C.: I don't know that it's curable, though.
Richelle Direny: It is because you that's in. So this is the thing with the coronavirus it's that you have, you have a lot of people you have more people who has
Richelle Direny: Kind of like the flu. You have more people who have recovered from it. Then you have people who have died from it. It's just what they highlight on the news. They do tell you how many people has
Richelle Direny: Has
Richelle Direny: What do you call it that you have a lot of people who has had it.
Richelle Direny: And has gotten really is fine, but it's kind of like, here is the
Richelle Direny: When you watch the news you have like the global
Richelle Direny: cases reported. Then you have the deaths. Then you have the people who has, who has had it, but they have what is the one that I just use not
Richelle Direny: Recovered recovered. You have the number of people are recovering when you look at those numbers, the number of people who have recovered, or it's a large number, but what would they focus more on what they kind of highlight more is the amount of
Richelle Direny: Identified cases or reportable cases and the day
Richelle Direny: You don't see the Ricoh you don't see a lot and you don't hear a lot about the recovered cases. So there's a lot of
Jennifer C.: You don't think that once
Jennifer C.: Once Trump opens up everything would be shooting for next week.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, is that right
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but I think once all that happens, it's gonna be like
Richelle Direny: Worse. It could be, it could be, it really cool I mean it could. Because now everyone who is somewhat quarantine and I don't think they're opening it up where everybody gets back to business is not as usual, I think it's more of a
Richelle Direny: One. If you're phase two. And remember each state's governor determines how they want to do it.
Jennifer C.: Right, it's
Richelle Direny: Up to the governor who determines how they want to do it and how you know they're going to how they're going to open it back up. But in the end, I think when it's all said and done, it's all fear is what governs everyone right now.
Richelle Direny: The fear of the unknown. You're just going off of what I'm telling you, and remember your receptors are only
Richelle Direny: Receiving what your fear is telling you to receive so oh my god that like 10 died. Okay, but what about the 30 who recovered. No, but 10 died and 100 got it. But what about the 30 who recovered. But we because we're so fearful, we just look at the fact that only 10 died, um,
Richelle Direny: You know, without saying that you need to, you know, you need to be cautious.
Richelle Direny: But when you're thinking from the fear.
Richelle Direny: You, you're not necessarily
Richelle Direny: You know you're not necessarily doing everything from a rational standpoint, so like
Richelle Direny: Even like when it's so the thing is, like, even when I first met you with the thing in this situation like when it comes down to your husband, your thing is that your husband is a way every day. So any
Richelle Direny: Opportunity that you can see
Richelle Direny: For him to come out. That's what you want to hear. You don't want to hear nothing else.
Jennifer C.: Right.
Jennifer C.: I don't think about it that much like it's weird, like that. It just sits in the back your mind until it's opened up, you know,
Jennifer C.: Until it goes. I honestly I don't think about it. I don't watch the news.
Jennifer C.: I go to work every day.
Jennifer C.: I, you know, for me it's business as usual.
Mm hmm.
Jennifer C.: So it's, it's just weird like
Richelle Direny: So you mean you don't think about the coronavirus
Richelle Direny: Nope. But then when you hear all these people are getting released from prison for whatever the reasons are now it's just like, Oh really, well let me go, let me go look into this. Let me see how
Richelle Direny: It can be right.
Richelle Direny: And that's, that's just how we are naturally. So you're thinking, oh, this is an opportunity. Maybe he can get out. Let me see how because even though for you. You are learning how to
Richelle Direny: cope in your present situation, even though you're learning how to because you have to be strong for your children. You can't sit there and milk.
Richelle Direny: Every day and I let it consume you. Because then
Richelle Direny: What's going to happen to your children. So because
Jennifer C.: Our like that.
Haha
Jennifer C.: They didn't like that.
Richelle Direny: Exactly. So we go
Jennifer C.: In every day.
Richelle Direny: Every day. So you found a way you've gotten to that place where you're saying, okay, it's, I have to work. I have to provide I have to this, I have to that I can
Richelle Direny: I can't allow him not being here to consume me like it once did. Now guess what it happened that the fact that you're hearing people being released it.
Richelle Direny: To your forefront of your mind now.
Jennifer C.: You cannot even think about it before.
Richelle Direny: until somebody says this is a
Jennifer C.: Possibility.
I mean,
Jennifer C.: Yeah, because before like everybody's I don't know everybody always brings it up and meet for me. I try not to think about it.
Jennifer C.: I mean, I'm not gonna think about it till the last 30 days.
Jennifer C.: You know, because anything can happen.
Richelle Direny: Anything can happen, but then free so that. So for you, thinking about it, you have to ask yourself, Why are you choosing the route of not thinking about it. Is it because thinking about it. It heightens all the other stressors, or the all the other potential stressors that are
Jennifer C.: That and I can't get my kids hyped up. I can't do that.
Jennifer C.: Myself, I can't hide myself up for something
Jennifer C.: For disappointment later.
Richelle Direny: And that's how you have to always think
Jennifer C.: What so I just
Richelle Direny: You try your best. Just not to allow it to consume.
Oh,
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you. I hear I hear your information, but I'm not going to allow it to consume me because doing that is going to put me in a bad headspace
Right.
Jennifer C.: I even tell people that come into my store like I don't want to hear about none of it. I don't want to hear about it.
Jennifer C.: Because it makes it harder for us to want to go to work.
It does.
Richelle Direny: It really does. It really does make it harder for you.
Richelle Direny: To function because then you start thinking to yourself,
Richelle Direny: You know, I don't want to go out, it's, it's so, so you have it so it's like a double edged sword. What's going on right now you have some people
Jennifer C.: Saying
Richelle Direny: You have some people saying, Oh, why are they opening up back in the state. Why, why don't people just stay home. Okay. But are you speaking from the standpoint of if you're quarantine at home, you're still making money you're still able to pay your bill.
Richelle Direny: Right. Are you speaking from that angle.
Richelle Direny: And are you hearing these people who are saying, open up. Open up. Is it because they just want to go back out and mingle, or is it that they need to go out and make money which one
Richelle Direny: So you have to be mindful in the
Jennifer C.: Show. There's a little bit of both.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. One Trump's which one is your primary in which one is your secondary
Jennifer C.: I would say, making money is the primary point
Richelle Direny: exactly the point. The primary is your, you need to make money because, you know, hey, they only push back my bills, three months, I can't stay home this long.
Richelle Direny: Because I needed you know because and they're not just saying you don't have to pay your rent for three months. What they're saying is you have to you, they put you on a payment plan.
Richelle Direny: So after you have to figure it out. So it's the two groups coming together and say, how can we help each other out. How can we do things where
Richelle Direny: We slowly open up back
Jennifer C.: Right.
Richelle Direny: So,
Jennifer C.: I got a feeling like it's not gonna probably be the first time.
Richelle Direny: If this all happening.
Yeah.
Jennifer C.: I mean, just because I mean I used to work in healthcare. Like, like that's what people coming to me all the time. Like, why don't you have a mask on.
Jennifer C.: Well,
Jennifer C.: When I worked in health care around all the sickly people. I didn't wear a mask.
Jennifer C.: You know, like, you're not going to build your immune system up. If you don't, if you have a mask on, or gloves or, you know, this or that or the other, they don't make us wear masks.
Jennifer C.: Um,
Richelle Direny: But then that's twofold it yes you're right, you're not going to build your immune system. But at this point, your immune system is built to a certain point, because, I mean,
Richelle Direny: Right. It's so it's so it's twofold. I mean, yes, you want to protect yourself, to some degree, when it comes on to certain elements and what have you. Like in this case, you know, if you have
Richelle Direny: How you know, do you really know how much immunity, you have and you don't want to put it to the test with a virus that can be so deadly
Jennifer C.: You don't, but I just have a feeling like they're gonna let they're going to open. You know, so short opening things up and then all these people who have been inside and for real like quarantine quarantined. You know, the germ of folks.
Jennifer C.: They're going to come out and they're going to get sick.
Jennifer C.: And then everybody else is gonna get sick.
Jennifer C.: It's gonna be a snowball effect.
Richelle Direny: Probably
Jennifer C.: Fortunate Lee.
Jennifer C.: But what can we do
Richelle Direny: That's perfectly true. Um, let me ask you this. And one of the things that I'm that I wanted this session to be is because I think this is our first actual individual
Jennifer C.: Um, we have one
Richelle Direny: Yeah. And that was the your bio. That's your intake. So now,
Jennifer C.: This is
Richelle Direny: Your individual and
Richelle Direny: You know, I would love to talk about, you know, what are some of your goals and your goals.
Richelle Direny: your long term goals. What is it that you are working towards and building short term goals with that. And in doing that, we're identifying some of your, your, your
Richelle Direny: Whether it's triggers or challenges or struggles that stops you from meeting those long term goals.
Um,
Jennifer C.: Well, going to work for Wednesday is like one of the things that's keeping me from not triggering
Jennifer C.: Um,
Jennifer C.: I, I learned my sister's birthday was on the 12th. So that was kind of hard.
Jennifer C.: I did have a little bit of a backslide with that one.
Jennifer C.: When I'm
Jennifer C.: The 12th of April.
Richelle Direny: The 12th of April. Now in some regard i've you know and how many times have you had a backslide would you say in the last month or two.
Jennifer C.: That was it.
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Jennifer C.: That was a I went and got a Xanax
Richelle Direny: Your, your drug of choice is his prescription pills. Right.
Jennifer C.: My drug of choice was Percocet.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so what about your sisters
Jennifer C.: But I try to stay away from all of it, you know, uh,
Jennifer C.: It was just, it just kind of snuck up on me.
Jennifer C.: It was Easter and I was hoping that you know Easter would keep my mind off of it and I wouldn't think about it. But then once I realized that what day it was in, in, you know what, and I just kind of like snuck up on me.
Jennifer C.: I didn't try to prepare myself for it. Um, she passed away in December.
Richelle Direny: Last year,
Jennifer C.: Yeah, um,
Jennifer C.: How right before Christmas. She was 31
Richelle Direny: She will she's she had she had
Richelle Direny: Cancer. Okay.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, she had bladder cancer. Um, and she got pneumonia.
Richelle Direny: So I like
Jennifer C.: To I tried not to think about it, you know, not to like I tried to just think about Easter, but it didn't work out that way.
Jennifer C.: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: So you tried to avoid the thoughts and feelings that came along with it.
Jennifer C.: Right.
Richelle Direny: But let me ask you a question. Have you tried it, because you're grieving so
Richelle Direny: Have you tried to just embrace the thoughts and feelings in home because it's okay to if you want to cry. It's okay.
Richelle Direny: If you want a nasty cry, whatever it is, just to release that hurt because she's not physically with you anymore. Um, and it is a loss, but have you tried to embrace it and just allow it.
Jennifer C.: I'm
Jennifer C.: Trying to think of like that happy times, you know,
Jennifer C.: I drives you but it doesn't always work out that way.
Richelle Direny: But just like how you're the emotion is coming on you right now.
Richelle Direny: Allowing it to just the feeling to come because of the feeling is not the mullingar the whole day. The feeling is going to come in and it's going to pass, but just allowing it
Richelle Direny: To take its course to just think that I my sister that I loved ensure she's no longer with me, she's in a better place. And she's no longer in pain, and for that you're you're you're happy for that, but it still hurts. It still hurts that she's physically, not with you.
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Tell me something, tell me a happy memory.
Jennifer C.: I think our happy us was just like we just we we just bickering back and forth, but we never did it seriously, you know,
Richelle Direny: When you say Baker back and forth.
Jennifer C.: Like we just arguing back and forth that each other, but it was never serious
Jennifer C.: We just did it for fun.
Richelle Direny: Just to get you both ground up about something.
Jennifer C.: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: So what was the last thing that you guys have you decided, whoa, let's get ourselves riled up about
Jennifer C.: Um,
Jennifer C.: I don't even remember at this point.
Jennifer C.: Because there was so much like just say at the end. Like I just
Jennifer C.: The last one that we rally our unit about was when she was drunk. She went and got drunk.
Jennifer C.: Before chemo.
Richelle Direny: What was her. Okay, so she's got front for in her mind. Why does she think okay let me go get drunk before I do chemo.
Jennifer C.: Probably because she probably knew it was going to be one of her last times. I don't know what she was thinking all I was thinking was, like, now you're going to be sick for chemo.
Richelle Direny: And so you guys got an argument about that, you know,
Jennifer C.: But I think I can't really give a shit, you know,
Jennifer C.: Cuz she's, she's the one that's dying. So I can't really
Richelle Direny: Say,
Jennifer C.: Are you go do it.
Richelle Direny: So you guys
Richelle Direny: Are doing about why are you going to get, you're going to be double sick.
Jennifer C.: Right. And in the end, I was right.
Jennifer C.: Double sick.
Jennifer C.: Mm hmm. She was sick when she came home and she was sick. The next day,
Jennifer C.: And then she was sick from chemo, so
Richelle Direny: How did you respond to it when she was double sick.
Jennifer C.: I mean, I took care of her.
Richelle Direny: But in in while taking care of her where you're just like, dude, like, seriously, like now look
Jennifer C.: Like I told you so, you know,
Richelle Direny: Until you guys just be heard about that that that told you so moment. But then you enjoyed spending that time with her. It's just like
Richelle Direny: I'm Ronnie. It's kind of one of those like I just need to tell you that I told you so. So I told you so, but come on. Here, let me help you.
Jennifer C.: Right, exactly.
Jennifer C.: Exactly.
Jennifer C.: We always think heard about who was who was right.
Richelle Direny: But, and I and you missed those moments.
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And see, yes. But then it's just it's just allowing that
Richelle Direny: Moment of half is just allowing that moment like I miss you. I miss you being here. I miss talking to you.
Jennifer C.: I'm inspired with her.
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: But
Richelle Direny: How did it feel just even just now as you got to your up thinking about you know that she's not here but allowing that moment to pass.
Jennifer C.: I mean, it's definitely lighter
Richelle Direny: But then when you take something to suppress that feeling, what do you think happens when you're suppressing it
Jennifer C.: Oh, I just feel heavier.
Jennifer C.: I feel like shit.
Richelle Direny: And then like when you see
Jennifer C.: There's no matter how much you try to hide it.
Jennifer C.: They never really is hitting you know
Richelle Direny: It's just allowing it and just allowing allowing it to
Richelle Direny: Pass.
Richelle Direny: It's if I miss you. If I want to cry. If you want a moment to just go and cry.
Richelle Direny: Just cry. It's okay. It is cry if you want to wail, it's okay because guess what
Richelle Direny: There is going to come a time where the intensity of the feeling you're having the pain is not going to be the same.
Jennifer C.: Right.
Richelle Direny: It's not gonna be the same.
Jennifer C.: Well, I definitely bring it. I'm definitely looking forward to those times.
Richelle Direny: It's coming. It's just, it's cash. So think about how long, how long have your husband being away.
Jennifer C.: Well, he's been away for
Jennifer C.: Over a year now.
Richelle Direny: How did it feel in the beginning when he was
Richelle Direny: Even though you knew that it was hell.
Richelle Direny: It was hell.
Richelle Direny: How long did it take before you got to that point where the intensity of the loss wasn't the same
Jennifer C.: I'd say at least six months maybe eight
Richelle Direny: Okay. And after that, how did it feel when you when you accepted your new reality.
Jennifer C.: I mean,
Jennifer C.: It was hard, but I just had to, you know,
Richelle Direny: You had to why
Jennifer C.: For my kids.
Jennifer C.: I was now mom and dad.
Jennifer C.: I had to accept that.
Jennifer C.: I no longer at him and I no longer had my best friend. So I just had to do it by myself.
Richelle Direny: And how is it
Jennifer C.: And it's hard but
Jennifer C.: But I'm also grateful for it because when he was out. I never had to work. You know I never had to
Jennifer C.: To do things by myself or pay my own bills or, you know, get my own house or whatever. And now I do so.
Jennifer C.: I'm also grateful for it because I would have never got the opportunity. How do you get out
Richelle Direny: So what I just heard you described is that from both. You got one provided you that emotional dependency, to some degree, the other one, provided that both emotional and
Richelle Direny: physical dependence you because you dependent
Richelle Direny: Right was meant for everything.
Richelle Direny: So you never had to worry about, you know, how much time I have to put into work to physically go out there and work and put up with people and get a page.
Richelle Direny: Right pay all these bill. You've never had to do that because at some point in time we are
Jennifer C.: Eating at all. I didn't have it.
So,
Richelle Direny: You're always an independent woman until you met your husband and he says, I'll do it all. So you relinquished all of it to him.
Richelle Direny: Yes, life came knocking and it forced you to regain your independence.
Richelle Direny: Right. So do you think that outside of him physically not being there.
Richelle Direny: It brought you that reality, like, well, now you have to be independent. You have to learn to be independent.
Jennifer C.: Yeah. If it wasn't for him going to prison, it would definitely wouldn't never happen.
Jennifer C.: To because your hell if it wasn't for him going to prison. I probably wouldn't even be clean and sober today.
Richelle Direny: Um, so it was a whole lot came out of it.
Jennifer C.: A whole lot
Jennifer C.: Like my whole
Jennifer C.: Life changed. I had to change everything.
Richelle Direny: So did you do you think that there was some degree of
Jennifer C.: Enable law.
Richelle Direny: Do you think that's some degree of
Richelle Direny: The
Richelle Direny: enablement came from him.
Richelle Direny: With your
Richelle Direny: Addiction to the pills.
Richelle Direny: Hello, you're breaking up.
Richelle Direny: I don't know if you can hear me, but I can't.
Richelle Direny: Hear you
Richelle Direny: You're breaking up a lot.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Jennifer C.: I don't know what happened there, but
Jennifer C.: Some of it was from him. He definitely kept it going
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: He had his struggles with addiction to pills as well.
Jennifer C.: I mean, he did because of me, but like, I don't know.
Jennifer C.: It's hard to even remember that far back. We both were like
Jennifer C.: I didn't, I didn't until
Jennifer C.: I had my kids.
Jennifer C.: Um,
Jennifer C.: And then I think after I after I got them from the doctor, I just thought it was okay, you know,
Richelle Direny: So, um,
Richelle Direny: OK, so now here it is like you talked about your sister, not being around your husband, not being around Um, what made you said that because of him being incarcerated. It made you made that
Richelle Direny: Made you to make that decision to to do something about the addiction. What about that dynamic Picchu in that place where I says, Okay, I gotta do something about this.
Jennifer C.: I mean, I was just tired of it like I i definitely tried to keep it up while he was gone, but it just wasn't working for me.
Jennifer C.: I just got to the point where I just didn't want to do it no more. I didn't want to chase that high. Every day I was tired of it.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And so far.
Jennifer C.: And you know he's when he comes out. He's not gonna be on nothing. So it's like, you know, I kind of just did it for him to because
Jennifer C.: It was when he was out and we tried to stop it was too hard for both of us at once.
Jennifer C.: Um,
Jennifer C.: There was this never like never a good time, you know,
Jennifer C.: It's like he was that he had to work. I had to take care of the kids if I was the lead. Who's gonna take care of the kids if he was the leader who's going to work like it was never a good time. Um,
Jennifer C.: So I guess in a way prisons been a blessing.
Richelle Direny: Because you believe that
Jennifer C.: It may time
Richelle Direny: Do you believe that
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Because if it wasn't for that. I wouldn't be cleaner now.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. And even when you had your slip ups. How did that make you feel because now you're on this journey. How did it make you feel when you had your slip ups.
Jennifer C.: I mean, I definitely felt good in the moment, but I felt like shit afterwards.
Jennifer C.: Mm hmm. Just guilty.
Richelle Direny: And how it just let's talk about the guilt, the guilt that's around that like is that guilt really
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: When you compare the okay the pain of the loss.
Jennifer C.: In comparison,
Richelle Direny: To the guilt of you, your slip up, which one do you think is worth
Jennifer C.: The pain of the loss is definitely worse.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. How so, the pain of the love in comparison to the guilt.
Jennifer C.: Um, I mean the guilt came from the vein of loss. So it's got all tied into one.
Richelle Direny: But we're going to separate it because you have to understand both, you have to understand both because guilt.
Richelle Direny: Is something that you can always be reminded of guilt is something that, let's say your slip up and your children are now reminding you over it, or somebody else's reminding you of it.
Richelle Direny: And the guilt, the guilt comes. It's a whole burden by itself in comparison to the pain of the loss. It's a loss, but
Richelle Direny: Like I said, it's a passing emotion. It's a passing feeling where Israel can be more lingering
Richelle Direny: guilt. People can remind you of the things that you're trying to get past guilt can remind you of all you think you better than me. Remember when you did a, b, and c. So how do you think guilt. Guilt does that you in comparison, the pain of a loss that says
Richelle Direny: Uh, you know,
Richelle Direny: I know my sister is not here. I love her and I wanted her to be here, but it was more painful to watch her suffer. It was more painful to see all that she was going through it was more painful to see how miserable she was
Jennifer C.: It's more painful.
Richelle Direny: To watch that in comparison to just having her physically here with me, simply because I want her here so that pain is a passing emotion that one day you get to that place where you say,
Richelle Direny: The intensity of the pain will kind of decrease. That's why I tried to compare it to. When your husband left, even though he's not gone gone because you can see him again one day, but he's not here with you and he's not going to be here with you for a few years.
Richelle Direny: But the
Richelle Direny: Passing emotion, where you say, I can't allow this to consume. I have to work in getting
Richelle Direny: Now when you're talking about guilt. Guilt is it's always going to remind you of the bad things you've done
Richelle Direny: The pain.
Richelle Direny: The law person never reminds you of the bad things you've done it never remind you of the things that you're sorrowful for and never reminds you of that the pain, the loss of someone never reminds you of that.
Richelle Direny: The guilt. Does the guilt says, Remember when you did this, remember when you almost you remember all of these things. Remember, and then it three, the things that you've done. Let's take. It's kind of like I have someone else that's going through
Richelle Direny: The same thing like you grief and loss lost a loved one.
Richelle Direny: Um, and they said it's okay to cry. It's okay. Even if you're in a nice the crowd done talking and she was like, you know, I tried to allow myself to get through and and
Richelle Direny: You know through that pain. She thought about, like, you know, in those movies when you're watching. And then people get mad and they clear off everything and they break up everything.
Richelle Direny: Right. And in my mind, I'm like, do they know they got to clean that up afterwards.
And so she's
Richelle Direny: So she said she said she, she made that point. She said she felt like doing it. But then in that moment, she thought. I don't want to do that. I'm gonna have to clean it all up.
Richelle Direny: So right but then pain would have made you do that you broke up everything that was expensive guilt is not going to remind you, I lost my expensive thing because I was hurt I broke it. Now the guilt of remembering what I did is going to linger longer
Richelle Direny: In right Harrison to the passing pain.
Richelle Direny: And that's just, that's why I said you have to separate the two. I cut myself it's painful, but it's going to stop. Eventually the guilt.
Richelle Direny: The scar that I created on myself.
Richelle Direny: Guilt is always going to remind me of that scar of how I got that scar, but the line until you have to separate the two. To understand the two so
Richelle Direny: Going but I mean do you do understand the concept in terms of when you take the two and separate them what it looks like.
Jennifer C.: Yes, yeah.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, definitely do.
Richelle Direny: Until you have to think if you though.
Richelle Direny: You use
Richelle Direny: Pills to suppress pain.
Richelle Direny: Hurt or whatever. And it kind of gives you a high or whatever it does for you. The question is after you come down from that high.
Richelle Direny: Are those issues are resolved.
No.
Richelle Direny: It's still clearing and sometimes it invites more troubles.
Yep.
Jennifer C.: That it does
Jennifer C.: I mean, it will call us to more than. So now, like
Jennifer C.: I know now, I would never go back to taking pain pills never
Richelle Direny: Will never is a big word. Now why you say never.
Jennifer C.: Because it's just not worth it.
Richelle Direny: Why it's not worth it.
Jennifer C.: It's
Jennifer C.: Not worth like forgetting here, the general public use. Look at me. And it's just, it's not going to be when
Richelle Direny: You're speaking. I can't hear you.
Richelle Direny: Okay, go ahead.
Richelle Direny: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: I couldn't see you. I know I couldn't see. I couldn't hear you are completely frozen. So what did you, said the general public and wells.
Jennifer C.: And just my kids and my it's just not going to be worth like when he gets out it's not going to be worth risking my marriage.
Jennifer C.: And the rest of what I have. I mean, I've felt like I've lost so much, you know,
Richelle Direny: Which one. Which one makes it not worth it. Losing your marriage or losing your children.
Jennifer C.: My children.
Richelle Direny: Do you think I'm a relapse a full relapse or succumbing to the pain and the loss and everything and you having a relapse, because you've just gotten really overwhelmed with life. Do you think there's a possibility that you could lose your children.
Jennifer C.: I mean, I would hope not. But there's always that possibility.
Richelle Direny: And how do you think that you would lose them.
Jennifer C.: Because that damn way if I gave you a relapse. I wouldn't be probably going to work or making the money to pay for the house and pay the bills and at that point CPS or somebody would probably step in
Jennifer C.: And that is not worth it.
Richelle Direny: So I have a question. Losing your children to CPS is it worse than if you don't lose your children to see. Yes, but you lose the respect of your children because now they only see was an addict and they treat you.
Jennifer C.: Know that would definitely be worse.
Richelle Direny: You understand, and I think it's, it's how you notice that it's everything I'm to how you look at it.
Richelle Direny: Well, hey, it's one thing to lose your children to CPS because you always work to get them back but losing the respect of your children in them seeing you in their eyes. All they see is an idea.
Richelle Direny: And they try and see which one would be worse.
Jennifer C.: That one would definitely be worse.
Richelle Direny: Because the love of a child is like no other.
Jennifer C.: Right.
Jennifer C.: Yes.
Richelle Direny: So then the question again is what what what is your motivator to staying on this path.
Jennifer C.: They are
Jennifer C.: That will get them every day. And they're my motivator.
Especially that little ha
Jennifer C.: Ha.
Richelle Direny: I said, especially that little son of yours. That's always coming to say hi and your camera.
Jennifer C.: He is the he's my world right there. Um,
Jennifer C.: So, I mean, some days they even motivate me because I get on my nerves.
Jennifer C.: Like, I gotta go to work.
Richelle Direny: You got to go take a breather.
Richelle Direny: You gotta go regionally set
Exactly.
Richelle Direny: So when you again. So we go back to our original question, what is your long term goal to sobriety.
Jennifer C.: Just
Jennifer C.: Staying away from all the bullshit.
Jennifer C.: Stays over
Richelle Direny: And how do you want to do that. How do you want to
Jennifer C.: Do my get through, through work and just being with my kids right now.
Richelle Direny: What is something that you're working
Jennifer C.: On don't have room for everybody else.
Richelle Direny: And that's important. What is something that you personally can see that you're working on.
Jennifer C.: Oh. Kidding me.
Richelle Direny: Like, okay, so you have your goals, like you said you're learning through this process of
Richelle Direny: Your, your you've said that you're learning through this process of
Richelle Direny: Independence, your, your real relearning how to be independent and you're not just re learning how to be independent, as an individual, you're learning how to be independent, a cure for three children.
Richelle Direny: Right, you have three children that are looking up to you.
Richelle Direny: You want you want our greatest desire is that our children turn out better than we did
Richelle Direny: On Live successful than we were.
Richelle Direny: And so, in doing so.
Richelle Direny: Right now as it stands, what is your, what is a goal that you're working on, to maintain your sobriety.
Richelle Direny: Because I could say I want to stay sober. But how are you doing
Jennifer C.: I'm
Jennifer C.: By going. I mean, just by going to work every day and I don't, um,
Jennifer C.: I don't like allow new relationships.
Jennifer C.: And I'm keeping everybody at a distance right now, just because it's just me and my kids like I don't need anybody else right now. You know, I'm
Richelle Direny: Where people trigger for you.
Jennifer C.: Whoa, that and i just i i don't i just don't care to know about all their drama in their lives. And you know, I don't need them bringing it into mine.
Richelle Direny: Naturally, are you a very caring person of others.
Yeah, there's also everyone
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So you
Jennifer C.: Know it's hard for me. It's hard for me to tell people no but I have to
Richelle Direny: Somewhat keeping them at bay helps you to work on you.
Jennifer C.: Yes. Because if not, then my whole it'll all just worry about I worry about everybody else too much.
Jennifer C.: And not myself enough
Richelle Direny: So, at this time, I've
Jennifer C.: Always been that type of person.
Richelle Direny: So you're working on rebuilding you
Right.
Richelle Direny: And
Jennifer C.: If I started to worry about other people. I will, I will stop.
Jennifer C.: That I'll solve rebuilding me and I will give everything that I have to them and I can't do that.
Richelle Direny: Because doing that overwhelms you
Richelle Direny: You stopped. You're frozen again.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you're back.
Jennifer C.: Someone call me.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Cuz it seems like sometimes when you move the phone like you haven't in a good spot. And if you move it for whatever reason you freeze it.
Jennifer C.: Right. Someone tried to call me.
Jennifer C.: And like when I ended, and then it makes the black screen for whatever reason.
Um,
Jennifer C.: But yeah, I just, I don't know. I just don't want, I just don't want a backslide
Richelle Direny: And I asked you.
Do you love you.
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: How much do you love you.
Jennifer C.: I do
Jennifer C.: Not enough, but I do
Richelle Direny: You understand what it means to love you.
Jennifer C.: I mean, yeah, you got to put yourself for like I have to be healthy. In order for my kids to be LV
Jennifer C.: Mm hmm. I had with myself first in order to put them first. Um, obviously, if I don't say if I don't stay sober, then
Jennifer C.: It's just not gonna be good for anybody, really, um,
Jennifer C.: But I can't care for them. If I can't care for myself.
Richelle Direny: Please. And that's how you start off. And that's how you know how to put things in perspective and set your, your, your goals for yourself.
Richelle Direny: Ultimately for children, but for yourself, because it's, you have to you. And the reason why I'm asking you is because I want to see what you're thinking when you're saying, I want to stay sober. But what does that look like what do you understand from that.
Richelle Direny: Because hey, we all say we want to do something, but then the least little thing that comes across our path we completely forget
Richelle Direny: About our goal. So we have to understand first our triggers. What are some triggers. I care about people. I always want to help people and then helping people. I tend to always put myself on a Mac bench. I have this goal.
Richelle Direny: For myself today, but then Jennifer comes along and she says something to me it really tugs at my heartstrings
Richelle Direny: So now I'm ready to help. Jennifer and I completely put myself and what I need to do on a backbend
Richelle Direny: When I'm finished helping Jennifer. Jennifer doesn't really stop to say, Hey. Thank you, Michelle. You know, you helped me along the way.
Richelle Direny: She moves on with her life. Now I feel horrible because now I needed to get things done and now I didn't get it done, then I'm upset with myself. I feel guilty and hear me going back on this road.
Jennifer C.: Oh, that's me to a tee, like, that's it. That's how it always ends up
Richelle Direny: And so, learning, like you said, and learning to say no and understanding what it means you're not saying no, because you're really truly don't want to help the person you're saying no, because you're choosing you
Jennifer C.: Right.
Richelle Direny: So in choosing you
Richelle Direny: You have to be okay with the backlash that may come along with it.
Jennifer C.: I mean, I'm okay with that.
Richelle Direny: You have to be okay with the intensity of the backlash that will come with it, of how what people how people may respond to you. And if you lose some friends along the way. You have to be okay with that.
Jennifer C.: I mean I've pretty much lost all my friends along the way, because they were either on drugs do drugs or I mean they
Jennifer C.: Booked when he got raided and went to prison. So I'm okay with that. I'm okay with no friends.
Richelle Direny: You're
Jennifer C.: Really
Richelle Direny: And how long have you been okay with that.
Jennifer C.: Goodbye of lollies two years now.
Richelle Direny: Hmm. So what is your current support that you have right now.
Jennifer C.: My family like my dad, my mom I'm obviously my work, family supports me and then my kids.
Jennifer C.: But as far as friends. Like, I don't need them. I don't need them or their stress.
Richelle Direny: And you just have to be confident where that's concerned.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I'm I'm to the point where I'm pretty confident in that I don't need them.
Jennifer C.: I don't need them.
Richelle Direny: Just, I don't need to be
Jennifer C.: I don't need them dragging me down any further, that's for sure.
Richelle Direny: You listen you sound like a pretty strong individual
Jennifer C.: I think maybe some I am
Richelle Direny: Maybe do you think somewhere along the way you kind of lost sight of your own strength.
Jennifer C.: Definitely
Jennifer C.: Probably the minute I got married.
Richelle Direny: I mean, I think all of us do.
Jennifer C.: Have kids.
Richelle Direny: Then you completely lose sight, and then you have to rebuild it.
Jennifer C.: Right.
Richelle Direny: And but then how many daughters, you have
Jennifer C.: I have two daughters.
Richelle Direny: And how are you teaching them.
Jennifer C.: To be a strong
Richelle Direny: And one person, but how are you teaching your daughters to be a strong, independent woman.
Jennifer C.: I mean, I just tell them they don't need anybody but then like they don't need. They don't need boys and you know they're at the age now where they want to hang out with boys and talk to boys. I'm like, you don't need voice.
Richelle Direny: Not if
Richelle Direny: They don't do nothing but use. You don't need voice.
Richelle Direny: But, so how are you. How are you an example of that to them because it's not what you say is the
Jennifer C.: Boys over
Jennifer C.: You know, I don't have. I don't talk to guys I don't have them over my house. I don't, I don't have
Jennifer C.: Relationships, you know, or anything like that. I keep it all away.
Richelle Direny: And you find time to really spend important to them positive thing.
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. So as you send your goal is to maintain your journey by choosing yourself and how you do that is you're mindful of the people you allow in your life.
Right.
Richelle Direny: A person is for you. And you know, is for us. The one that helps you along your journey.
Richelle Direny: To means right or call you can identify that by
Richelle Direny: Seeing what they're all about when they come on your journey. Are they trying to find a way to call her see you into their direction or are they finding a way to mean to help you to uplift the torch, man.
Jennifer C.: Right.
Jennifer C.: I'm definitely sticking to it.
Jennifer C.: And then a short term goal or mine is I have to come up with a $5,000 water bill.
Richelle Direny: Oh my gosh, you listen when you brought that up in group you have other people on the sideline like don't need to be paying that you don't. That is not your house, you don't. You need to go to
Jennifer C.: My house, but I don't want to move either
Richelle Direny: But then why are you paying someone else's bill.
Jennifer C.: I mean, I like my house. I don't pay rent.
Richelle Direny: What do you mean you don't pay rent.
Jennifer C.: I don't have to pay, right.
Jennifer C.: All of a is my bills because it's it's my husband's friend's house so he doesn't make me pay rent, um,
Richelle Direny: Well he's making you pay that
Jennifer C.: Bill obligated that I have to pay the water bill.
You know,
Richelle Direny: To also he's kind of making you pay the water bill.
Jennifer C.: Right. Like he said you know you don't pay the rent, you have to pay the water bill or they're going to shut it off and you're gonna have to move out.
Richelle Direny: I mean, is the house inevitable like it's, there's nothing else wrong with the house outside of the water.
Right.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, there's nothing wrong with the house outside of the water.
Jennifer C.: Bill, I love where it's at. It's close to my work and it's away from all the riffraff and the people that I used to be around, you know,
Jennifer C.: Even for my kids like it's away from all their friends and the people that they used to hang around like I love where my house is I don't want to move again.
Richelle Direny: But you said that this is a house that you guys got where
Richelle Direny: He bought the house with an exorbitant. What about right.
Jennifer C.: Right.
Jennifer C.: Which I I found out like the house. He's not he didn't go and switch the deed. All the way in his name yet.
Jennifer C.: So the house right now is not even in his name.
Jennifer C.: It's in that previous owners name.
Richelle Direny: So then the previous owner can't pay the bill.
Jennifer C.: Oh. Apparently not.
Jennifer C.: But I do know that since I switched the water into my name, just to pay the bill like that whole $5,000 came with it like that $5,000 bill comes in my name.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Jennifer C.: Why
Richelle Direny: Because you registered when you moved in, you registered everything in your name. So now, what's your problem.
Jennifer C.: Right, I guess. I mean, I would imagine, if I moved out. It's not my problem anymore but
Richelle Direny: No, because then that person may not want to register it in their name until that's paid
Richelle Direny: So then it becomes. I mean it, then it becomes an issue, but you would have to, I would say, you would have to speak to maybe legal aid or someone to see how you can get around having to be stuck with the bill for some when you were not living there.
Jennifer C.: Right, like I'm I need to go to the water company and talk to somebody, but they're not open
Jennifer C.: But I need to do it sooner. The money's not going to be there.
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes, I would say definitely show just once everything is open back off that you go and find out.
Richelle Direny: Hold on down for let me Schedule A follow up appointment.
Richelle Direny: Let's schedule it for the may 20 at six or five, is that okay
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I'll just send you a reminder for
Jennifer C.: I'm gonna put it in my calendar.
Jennifer C.: Right now.
Jennifer C.: Set at five.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You say your, your schedule changes very often. Right.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, it does. But I mean I'm I'm based mainly nighttime so I mainly going from like three at three or four
Richelle Direny: Well, but then that's five o'clock in the evening. Now,
Jennifer C.: Yeah, but I can still do it at work.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Oh, it's like that you got you got it like that, at work, or you can do it at work.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, they're very supportive. They're
Jennifer C.: Like they know that I have that they know that I do weekly meetings and all that, like they know that like
Jennifer C.: They're not against it. They're very supportive of it.
Richelle Direny: Okay. I mean, if anything changes, then we can go from there. But, um, let's do the 20th
Richelle Direny: And we'll go what I think. I think maybe once a month to check in on someone is fine.
Richelle Direny: If you just need that extra support, then we can do that.
Jennifer C.: Alrighty.
Richelle Direny: All right.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Like I said, if you ever feel that you know before when you think about like a slip up just
Richelle Direny: If you want to cry. Allow it to pass. Let the emotion past cry release it because it's going to pass. It's going to stop that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and it's going to stop.
Richelle Direny: And then, you know, then what again if you feel if it's so overwhelming and so overbearing and you just can't get through it. We're here to for that additional support and not going through grief counseling or no, it's, it's, it's kind of harder to not know how to deal with ankle.
Richelle Direny: Rice. Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right.
Jennifer C.: Then, Jennifer, so I
Richelle Direny: Can with you on Thursday. Okay.
Jennifer C.: All right, thanks.
Richelle Direny: You're welcome. Bye bye.
Bye.
Brandon H: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Hey Brandon
Richelle Direny: Brandon did you, you're always wearing a hat or
Richelle Direny: You just, you just
Brandon H: I just went bought a couple weeks ago because my hair was so thin up top.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Brandon H: Real long just to pull it back, you know,
Brandon H: Mm hmm. I decided to try this. Look for a while.
Richelle Direny: Hey, it's cool, but I'm just like I did. He was, he always wearing a hat before
Brandon H: Now you said here on this thing. Just a couple of weeks back.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. And I like my, I have a brother that he he is bald and
Richelle Direny: Whatever he he's always wearing a hat. So whenever he doesn't wear the hat, you're like, Whoa.
Brandon H: Yeah, typically were
Richelle Direny: OK, you are off today.
Brandon H: Yeah, worked midnights remember
Richelle Direny: Oh, okay. Yes, that is true. That is true. And then you are helping out with a family member for a little bit. Aren't you
Brandon H: Yeah, was roofing for my uncle is my cousin.
Brandon H: And kind of just on like bathroom job and landscape right now. They don't have any refund right now.
Brandon H: Around handyman or teachers, but they know how to do all kinds of other stuff to
Richelle Direny: Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha, gotcha.
Richelle Direny: So, um, so how has it been going I know since the last time that we met. How's everything
Brandon H: Pretty good.
Brandon H: I was going to ask any way I can get out at 1230 today as I forgot I was getting my friend are rattling quarter moon.
Richelle Direny: That's fine, that's fine.
Um,
Richelle Direny: Now with, like, how has it been, I know one of the suggestions I had made is for you to, um, you know, when you come, you come home like one of your goals. I think it was
Brandon H: Yeah, haven't done a gun in the physical I did some sit ups like today, after I talked to you.
Brandon H: Was the AB lounge. And I did the hand grips.
Richelle Direny: Stronger loose. Well, at least it wasn't an issue you tried. So how was that
Brandon H: Good.
Brandon H: I walked a couple of miles. My parents, the other day, it was about two days ago.
Brandon H: So good to walk. I'm going to start walking the parks. Again, I think it's a good it's my
Brandon H: House and someone new.
Brandon H: I lost like 15 pounds less you're doing it.
Just walking
Richelle Direny: Later.
Brandon H: Spring and walked us through of so summer.
Richelle Direny: That was 90 degrees is watching the head
Richelle Direny: I know, I know, I know. It is good. Listen, I've been doing the walking thing. I think I'm going to do it today as well.
Richelle Direny: I've been doing the walk thing as well. It feels good. You know, it's funny, because when you walk. I think when say they walk in a run, you're working every muscle.
Richelle Direny: Because it takes a lot for you to whether it's the walk and run. So you're working every part of your body when you're walking, running, stone. It's a good year.
Brandon H: I have an exercise bike to need to use that to
Richelle Direny: That's like you have a lot of stuff.
Brandon H: Yeah, just don't use it. I got the Bowflex dumbbells ago from
Brandon H: Five to 52 and a half, you can adjust the weights in this pull up the
Richelle Direny: Watson as it goes.
Brandon H: The way you choose because like Tao in weights.
Actually, I went to wait.
Brandon H: A whole set of dumbbells in one convenient package.
Richelle Direny: That both like there's not like a nurse thing.
Brandon H: No, he did all around thing read is a sliding maneuvers. I forget what his code Bowflex is like a top line.
Brandon H: Home fitness. They do a lot of
Brandon H: home gym stuff like the cables. They have like the
Brandon H: UK tension cables. There's no weights you just
Brandon H: Been that take pressure
Richelle Direny: So yeah, pressure. Yeah.
Yeah, for sure.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's
Richelle Direny: That is one
Richelle Direny: I've always seen all these different
Brandon H: Yeah, you can't go wrong. Both selection of top line I bought it several years ago when I had a little extra money. It was like $500 for the Dumbo so
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Brandon H: I've had it for years. I have used them off and on.
Brandon H: Medium least couple times, we just to do like butterflies and stuff, trying to get a badge record do stuff like pecs and to swim and all that you do this way, shoulders, you build your upper body.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but I mean, so what your goal is one of it was, um, you know, like when you come home to set an alarm when you come home to do at least 30 minutes, um,
Richelle Direny: Now it doesn't necessarily
Richelle Direny: Have to be you know you're working yourself up to it, because I think in the beginning you like we all have the momentum we have, like, oh, this is a great idea. You're all forward and then you kind of like all back down into kind of doing nothing. So even if you did it.
Once for the week.
Brandon H: Yeah. Couple times since I talk to you or not. It's consistent
Richelle Direny: And that's and it's it's not, you don't have to do it every day. Thank you. Try it. But you said that you can say that it did feel good doing it right.
Brandon H: Yeah, it always does.
Brandon H: And I did hear a job from my uncle. I forgot. When you mentioned that I did. He laid some stone for his girlfriend like I did about
Brandon H: Three and a half times of shoveling out of a bag of a a dump truck pickup like a slight shovel into a wheelbarrow wheelbarrows likes you. Three and a half times myself.
Richelle Direny: Oh, and that's exercise.
Brandon H: Yeah. Didn't hurt. Yes, Mother, good hard work.
Richelle Direny: Is that really the room.
Brandon H: Yes, always crouch down all the way the ground like Ramona squat press. I didn't hurt my back.
Richelle Direny: And so think about like all the muscles that you're using, because remember the wheelbarrow.
Richelle Direny: Its operating on one wheel you're carrying all of this weight on one wheel.
Richelle Direny: So then, like you say you have to squat to ensure that you, you have a good posture and it's a whole lot of upper body strength to hold up that loaded wheelbarrow and then you're having to maneuver it where you're going. So at the
Richelle Direny: Content, it doesn't fall.
Brandon H: He's trying to tell me where to dump it. I'm trying to do is get a dump threshold.
Richelle Direny: So that there's exercise in it. I think I was
Richelle Direny: My mom's fitness. When I did outside work. Can you
Imagine, nice. Yeah.
Brandon H: Good for you. Get sunshine in the
Brandon H: Shape too.
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: So it's good but like even I mean where you live.
Richelle Direny: Is it like in a community.
Brandon H: Yeah, I live are several apartments around me. Then there's an allotment across the road.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. So like where you live, just
Richelle Direny: So you can walk around where you live, or just walking to your parents is a better
Brandon H: Although I was walking with them. They walk two miles or so, a day. Now they're living at my uncle's they sold their home.
Richelle Direny: You're looking
Brandon H: Ranch towers and two stories 678 years
Brandon H: Too much upkeep forming an older version seven
Brandon H: But now I watched the parks like there's not a good parts and Kim.
Brandon H: Cipro lake has amazed when you walk around the lake city.
Brandon H: Hall of Fame part for the Football Hall of Fame.
Brandon H: National Football Hall of Fame ever that park is like a mile and a half track. That's like that.
Brandon H: Track and field.
throws off.
Brandon H: The cushion.
Richelle Direny: Oh ok ok ok on the track. Oh, that's cool. So your parents are pretty strong if they're sitting there walking two miles.
Brandon H: They might be more I walked with them and then recorded there just guessing.
Brandon H: They want one or the other one is the road and you're going to walk over to a
Brandon H: Silo mass it I'll skip the scouts. I won't back
Richelle Direny: You couldn't keep up with them.
Brandon H: No, it was already at a reward, but time is all done I listed two miles.
Richelle Direny: Three miles. So your parents out watch you.
Brandon H: I get to walk and I get pretty good.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah
Brandon H: They were moving fast. I was kind of
Taken
Richelle Direny: You are dragging along
Brandon H: Yes.
Brandon H: I mean I can remember them until as an order that extra my our quarter mile whatever was added on.
Richelle Direny: That they added on.
Brandon H: Extra. This is a walk instead of walking on the road back the walkers side road and back on that too. So
Richelle Direny: I mean, what, like you said, it's like every day. I mean, if they're doing it every day. They probably have built up the agility and everything else to
Brandon H: My mom's always been a walker she when she can get my data dirty. I'll do it, he's a hard worker. He's a hard working guy ever met my life.
Brandon H: All day at work and then come home and work and then work on the weekends and around his house and do all the chores. My mom wants me to do, and you just constantly going so
Richelle Direny: I'm
Brandon H: Sure as much downtime.
Richelle Direny: Hey, listen. How old are your parents.
Brandon H: He's a Christ 68 my mom for me 67 so I'm like,
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. I mean, look, when it's all said and done, it's
Richelle Direny: You know when you're doing it every day. I remember when I was much younger I used to work with this lady, I think at the time she was in her
Richelle Direny: I mean, I want to say maybe in her 80s.
Richelle Direny: She had to have been in her 80s and she had dementia. But let me tell you something. Brendan deadly tickle walk. She couldn't walk
Richelle Direny: She just walked and walked and walk and walk and walk in at the time that then I was like 19 and I was just like, Oh my gosh, but she walked in, she walked in, she wanted, she wanted. You have to keep
Richelle Direny: Pace with her.
Brandon H: To remember things, try to do it doesn't retain
Brandon H: That dude as a routine. You said she had dementia. So
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Brandon H: She's a routine.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, she had the one that was the one thing she forgot how to do was walk but and then she lived on the beach. So if we weren't walking like on the sidewalk, we would go on the beach and walk sometimes
Richelle Direny: Okay. And, um, but then she was. That was the one thing she did not forget to do all the way to the end was to walk and she walked a lot. So, um, but, you know,
Richelle Direny: The Walking is good and even now. Sometimes I go out and walk but like you said 30 3030 minutes doing whatever mixing it up, whether it's walking or even doing like you said you're doing this with the whatever machine that does that.
Brandon H: Other hand grips you like it looks like a
Brandon H: Triangle. And it was like a circle at the top.
Brandon H: Look like that.
Brandon H: See that that's reinforced to me.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Brandon H: A lot of pressure. So it's like
Richelle Direny: It's working, not just it's working. The whole arm isn't it.
Yeah.
Brandon H: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It works on the, you know what I should just go get something like that and just keep squeezing it
Brandon H: They make a ladies want to have a softer grips.
Brandon H: Are easy to pull together for
Brandon H: Soccer hand.
Brandon H: Hands over they make different levels of resistance.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. No no no i i gotta you know when you grow up with a dad who they they they move
So everything
Richelle Direny: To me, the soft things is just not working for me I need the
Brandon H: Yeah, I can't do this. I could do like 100
Richelle Direny: Yeah so. But then, but that's good. You know, it just makes you feel you know overall better
Richelle Direny: About just about yourself. And I think what makes you even feel a lot more more energized, you feel a lot better is also, um,
Richelle Direny: I think your energy level goes up. And if you start seeing the results. If you see the result because if you lose five pounds in just doing just literally teams. I'm sure you're going to feel like, whoa, I gotta that should do more of this. Yeah, I've lost
Brandon H: A little bit away just working out outside Jada a Marcus and I had me Mo and for him to get the rotator cuff surgery, the same upload those roofing
Brandon H: Somebody mowing his lawn with six about two hours on a 15 inch rad mower, and then Moses church. My grandma used to go to where the coronavirus
Richelle Direny: Is oh
Brandon H: Oh, you said like yours, are we
Brandon H: Going to rotate rotator cuff surgery coming up.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so you're going to be cutting his yard for him.
Brandon H: Yeah I did last summer TOOLS YET back issues like a pinched nerve.
Richelle Direny: Also have an
Brandon H: Easy work, cuz you're on a mower ride more but
Brandon H: It's good sunshine and good, fresh air.
Brandon H: It gives me seven do at least one day thank you know
Richelle Direny: How I'm how you have because his yard.
Brandon H: It's pretty big. It takes a little over two hours with a 52 inch blade as a large, large more as one of the big ones.
Brandon H: They give you a bar to back end of it.
Richelle Direny: Ok ok ok
Richelle Direny: And that's
Brandon H: A good it cuts pride double the size of a small line more
Richelle Direny: OK. OK.
Brandon H: Button below see 12 times four or four foot four and a half foot across each time you do a swipe. You don't four and a half feet.
Richelle Direny: So that's good, that's good.
Richelle Direny: If you're able to get
Brandon H: As excited to get the job back, everyone. I'm sorry. The other rotator cuff injury.
Richelle Direny: He said, Who wasn't you, you are excited for one
Brandon H: To get the job again. But he has an injury. So I got it.
Brandon H: He's in his 70s, and he shouldn't be doing stuff he does, but still does it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Oh, well, yeah, I mean,
Richelle Direny: That's another thing when you're, you know, you're up there in age, you don't want to do
Richelle Direny: Over exert yourself because then it just becomes more or you
Richelle Direny: Into
Richelle Direny: So, um, but that's good. Overall, I mean, that's good. Like you're just finding. Basically, I hear you saying, It's just you're finding
Richelle Direny: Ways to exercise in just your normal routine of things to do.
Yeah.
Brandon H: Then the guy was Uber and for I'll be certain midnight's again, they're kind of rotating shifts around. Here's a coronavirus where he works.
Brandon H: So next week over you burn him again as another 50 bucks. And because you busy in the mornings. So am I going to get into some exercise because they don't go back to like 737 45 when I do that, Uber, about an hour to trip.
You
Brandon H: Know, issues of society.
Richelle Direny: Oh, because
Brandon H: I was doing it for a friend of mine, son. He works not far from my home to visit alliance. So a city gets a road he sees a ride home in the mornings and he gets up 633 when I work, I get up at six. So what so
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you're you're you're finding different ways to generate income.
Brandon H: Yeah, and to stay busy to try to find things to do anything, I'll go to grocery stores over my home all day just to do so.
Brandon H: I rarely stay inside all day long.
Richelle Direny: I'm explaining how much rest of you get
Brandon H: A lot. I've been doing better. The last couple months.
Brandon H: Haven't been sleeping quite as much. I mean, for a while there I was sleeping. I'd work going sleep too. I try to stick to our guns but working read literally
Richelle Direny: So what's great about that change. Huh, what's right about that change.
Brandon H: Back on Suboxone I live in a hectic not being sort of press
Richelle Direny: Next,
Brandon H: Time I have seasonal depression I get depressed in the winter, every time.
Richelle Direny: That you that you got you.
Richelle Direny: Got you.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: A psychiatry is diagnosed you with seasonal
Brandon H: No, I did.
Richelle Direny: You do.
Brandon H: Today agree with me if I say is overused anything itself. I'm, you know, but
Brandon H: I pretty much got my own diagnosis down and I know what I need. Don't need
Richelle Direny: I mean season. I know I have heard about, um,
Richelle Direny: What is it seasonal seasonal affective disorder.
Brandon H: That's a little more intense minds is there seasonal depression and colors. It's like
Richelle Direny: No, it is. It's the same thing. It's, it's quite it's a diagnosis. It's a diagnosis. That's what it's called. Because I remember here in Florida.
Richelle Direny: Know, it was more so effective it whatever the diagnosis is I remember here in Florida, seeing that diagnosis in a psychiatry saying that there's those diagnosis is are more in where the seasons changes.
Richelle Direny: And when the seasons changes. Is it affects different people in different way, like you said you're more depressed during a particular season.
Brandon H: So everybody was it all year long. I think
Brandon H: That like mania and the summer and
Brandon H: The winter I just have a little wonder drug depression, usually in a sexually maybe more than most.
Richelle Direny: Was specifically about the winter. You think about that season is more depressing for you.
I'm
Brandon H: Just being so Colby and trapped and days are shorter
Brandon H: Kind of a depressing times jury jury.
Richelle Direny: But then I know, for the most part, you've always said that, you know, you tend to isolate more you stay by yourself a lot. So what about that season when you're trapped or not trapped. But when you're more isolated.
Brandon H: And almost like you're forced to stay and you don't have a choice, you know,
Richelle Direny: So for you, it's more mental in terms of like now. Well, okay. So, especially with what's going on now. Would you say you're more depressed now because of the fact that you're more forced to stay in only really allowed to go out
Brandon H: I felt that rather rules at all. I do as they please. I go to stores and seven over run around. No, nothing but
Brandon H: You haven't really followed staying out and stay indoors unless an emergency or whatever.
Richelle Direny: Gotcha, gotcha. And so even though. So even though I'm so the difference between now and in the winter, the winter, the coldness and when it's you're saying where you are. It snows right
Brandon H: Yeah, get a fair amount of snow this year is pretty easy winner, but it's been cold throughout April. So it's been rough that way.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so you're saying that even in the winter when you're more the weather conditions. Keep you more track, it's harder.
Brandon H: So yeah, you wake up. You're cold and at and, you know,
Brandon H: He got to go outside shovel snow record.
Brandon H: Just a pain.
Richelle Direny: Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. So you think I know one of the things you said like, you know, having a companion think that if you had a companion. The depression would have been less
Brandon H: I would assume so. Yeah, easy it is.
Richelle Direny: Because one of the things we talked about yesterday in group was
Richelle Direny: The quote that I had put out there who that we discussed a lot is where you thought you would have been at this the picture you had
Richelle Direny: At this point in your life that you probably would have been married and had children, and given that that's not your reality. You think that during the winter it, it reminds you that much more
Richelle Direny: Of the things that you don't have
Brandon H: Yeah, so what
Led to that.
Richelle Direny: But what you spend times you see, you see your nephew was in your, your brother. Right.
Brandon H: Sometimes, it says the coronavirus No. See, I'm a down day before Easter.
Brandon H: Give a bunch of candy and a rocket things you either like that and big rocket flies off the phone rocket
Brandon H: candour here.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: So it may be, you know, in the future, one of the things that we could, because I know some things you have. It's like that social anxiety.
Brandon H: Yeah, I've been doing a little better. I just kind of go with the flow. And it's not a social butterfly, for I never will be.
Richelle Direny: Again, it's how you think about it, social things that sometimes we we go back go back into that statement, the picture we create in our minds, we create in our minds that the way to socialize is one that mirrors, a person that is a social butterfly what socialization doesn't have to be.
Richelle Direny: One that marries a social butterfly, because even a social butterfly sometimes says, Maybe I shouldn't be so social
Richelle Direny: So like
Yeah.
Brandon H: Vs. The others can do it.
Richelle Direny: They remember and we've talked about this in the past, it's kind of, it's how you think about it, you don't have to
Richelle Direny: Just say what you have to say. And just keep it moving. Or, you know, you don't have to always be a part of the conversation in terms of verbally, you can be there, you could share just limited but you don't have to always be a part of the bigger conversation.
Brandon H: Right. I mean, I didn't keep up the conversation. So I understand there's a lot less than seven words why our I and knowledgeable about a subject or
Brandon H: easier for people to start talking about seven domains. No matter much. So when a curveball thermo off.
Brandon H: I'll say something totally different.
Richelle Direny: But even but even I'm
Richelle Direny: Just, just think about something that you are pretty knowledgeable about, um, do you just you just do you add to the conversation just like maybe facts about it, something that you are very
Richelle Direny: knowledgeable about and just leave it, or do you just keep it going.
Brandon H: And is trying to keep up with him. I started learning sheep. We're talking about segments like they're talking about who the Browns drafted or
Brandon H: How's it seems you know look this year. Oh, listen to stuff like that kind of BS because more factual and it's some it can happen.
Richelle Direny: In comparison to them.
Brandon H: Talking about the weather or something. Oh.
Richelle Direny: I'm sorry.
Brandon H: To say it was kind of
Brandon H: Slow today or tomorrow or going to rain tomorrow or 30% chance of rain, but this one's from the north of coming in. So who knew they don't. This is some data meteorologist reading just
Richelle Direny: Pointed stuff you know every
Brandon H: Meeting it
Richelle Direny: How does it. Um, so how was it for you being a part of, like, even groups.
Richelle Direny: Being a part of that larger conversation.
Brandon H: It's all right good to me or kind of annoying because some people were paying attention. So we were kind of lost
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Brandon H: And I pay attention just I don't know church.
Richelle Direny: It's a little bit more distracting because people are doing so many other things and are not
Brandon H: A lot of people aren't paying a bit of attention.
Richelle Direny: But then
Brandon H: I watched him on the screen.
Richelle Direny: But even with even with Zach.
Richelle Direny: Just kind of for yourself.
Richelle Direny: How is that in terms of even the topic or even for for the people that are paying attention. Um, are you
Brandon H: Carrying. It doesn't bother me just
Brandon H: Because it's structured as easy for me have a structure.
Brandon H: The structure structure to set our time with
Richelle Direny: Hmm, and the distraction tend to be a little
Brandon H: Yeah, more
Unstructured
Richelle Direny: To use a dreamer zone. Oh, hmm.
Brandon H: See a daydreamer puny zone out
Richelle Direny: Now, do you think it's a little bit more distract. How would you compare it like even being in one for you and kind of like, even with the socialization, or just being a part of a conversation and just be
Richelle Direny: Your personality, ultimately, how was that in this setting, being a part of a video chat in comparison to if you were sitting on our room with everyone else.
Brandon H: That made me a little more uncomfortable because then you gotta do is all the up close and personal stuff but
Brandon H: I dealt with it. I mean, I was in that chance program for a year and we had group three times a week for eight weeks, two times a week for
Brandon H: 12 weeks, one time a week for, like, however many weeks to finish.
Brandon H: So I did a lot of that did a lot of a and stuff.
Brandon H: I mean, I can do it is not my cup of tea.
Richelle Direny: It's not your cup of tea, but you're able to take away from it what you can
Brandon H: Yeah, I tried to
Richelle Direny: It's just, it's you have limited control of your outside environment.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And I think it's coming to that acceptance awareness one and acceptance. The other is we have you only have control of your inside environment where you are right now.
Richelle Direny: You have no control of your outside environment and what people bring to it because you're in a different place than another person and what you bring to a group discussion or the topic.
Richelle Direny: Can help the ones that are paying attention, you know,
Richelle Direny: It's going to be very hard for everyone to stay focus
Richelle Direny: To be a part. It's very seldom that you get everyone that is really focused and really weighing in
Brandon H: Ensuring I already know what they all I have to say, I just had a hard time not what people are talking about is that I was just registers in my mind.
Brandon H: Some that I relate to someone was just like they repeat themselves or they say frivolous things over and over and over. And then I get lost in their own sentence.
Richelle Direny: So for you, that's a little bit of a challenge.
Brandon H: I challenge myself not to get frustrated, annoyed with different levels of
Brandon H: Comprehension or visitation.
Richelle Direny: And that's good. And so, so that can be the conversation of our weaknesses, it's because you try your best not to
Richelle Direny: get annoyed, or because remember we often judge people and look at people and think people should operate based on our own lens of what how we are. And so it's very hard to be able to
Richelle Direny: It's very hard to be able to be tolerant of others limitation if it's not our limitations and it's very hard to be tolerant.
Richelle Direny: Of people's comprehension and everything that comes along with that, when it's not through our own lens.
Richelle Direny: So, but I, we have to we learn one to be aware of it and learn how to work through it that we're all our own unique individuals and our level of understanding and the way we communicate is very different. Well, we can all learn from each other in that way.
Richelle Direny: We get along with each other. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Let me
Richelle Direny: For next
Brandon H: Year. Yeah, let me get my notebook.
Brandon H: Are you starting that Monday group next week.
Richelle Direny: Not next week, I have to, I have to try to figure it out. I'll let you know what we're going to sell when
Brandon H: They open like to use whichever one you choose.
Brandon H: To sign him.
Richelle Direny: He said if they're going to leave it open.
Brandon H: Yeah, like I can do Monday or and good two different times. Thursday.
Richelle Direny: Well, that's how I suggesting
Richelle Direny: That's what I suggested is that you have to to come to group because you want to, you want to be able to choose whether or not you going on Monday or Thursday.
Brandon H: Yes, it's a one way to go on Monday nights was on a Thursday that keep that possibility.
Richelle Direny: Well, let me talk. Let me talk to the the powers that be to see if we can leave it open, because that remember if we leave it. I think it's, it also is attached to your script.
Script
Richelle Direny: Meaning that you remember because they, how does Natalie's fill your script monthly or weekly
Brandon H: Bi weekly as of now.
Richelle Direny: Bi weekly. Okay, so then
Brandon H: It should be going into little
Brandon H: Three weeks here soon. I mean, you mentioned that you only have to go to group like every other time if you do real good attendance.
Brandon H: I mean, common sense like
Brandon H: early February, getting a favorite end of January, I only missed one group. So anything ever missed the whole time I've been here.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so then let me talk to Natalie about. See if you can switch to
Richelle Direny: Monthly. Let me talk to me about that. Let me see what what she says. And kind of like reviewing the parents and more
Brandon H: Out of talking to you one on one that I do with people just going on about
Brandon H: We have to form, but sometimes they they get off topic.
Richelle Direny: And you got to repeat
Brandon H: What you said at the beginning 10 times I'm like Jerry said that five times ago
Richelle Direny: All right, let me talk to Natalie and let me hear what she says. But I think, I think you should be, you should be okay with come into group monthly
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: Let's do
Richelle Direny: The
Richelle Direny: Today's Monday. Let's do the 18th
Richelle Direny: Add further. Oh.
Richelle Direny: I'm so. All right, then let's do the 20
Brandon H: Be Mei.
Mei.
Brandon H: Mei.
Brandon H: What day. It was a date.
Richelle Direny: With seven o'clock be okay for you.
Brandon H: Yeah, like he needs better
Richelle Direny: OK, so the 20 effects seven
Many Tony
Richelle Direny: That's a, that's a Wednesday.
Brandon H: Wednesday. Yes, good middle of the weekend.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right, then. So we'll leave it for Wednesday. So we'll see each other when we see each other on Thursday. I'll don't after I've speaking spoken to the powers that be, then we can let you know.
Brandon H: Okay, great.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right, then. Brandon see
Richelle Direny: All right. Bye bye.
Kelly Yeomans: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Hi.
Richelle Direny: Well done.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay, now I can see you.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Kelly Yeomans: I can, can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah, I think your screen is frozen, but I can hear you.
Kelly Yeomans: Okay.
Kelly Yeomans: I have great service today on my own. So
Richelle Direny: Thank you so much, though, for coming early
Kelly Yeomans: Yeah.
Kelly Yeomans: It works out great. They didn't expect to sell and I still am tickets small lunch.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. You're on.
Galaxy A10e: There.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I'm here. You said where you are. You said the reception is really bad where you are.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah. Today it is for some reason. Usually I have good reception.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you're fine.
Richelle Direny: You're fine. I've heard that in different parts of the
Richelle Direny: Country. The weather is really bad. The rest just kind of everything is
Galaxy A10e: Our governor, just to make an announcement to so there's probably lots of people on their phones.
Richelle Direny: You said the government that just made an announcement.
Galaxy A10e: Yes, extended stay at home. So there's probably tons of people online right now and on your thumbs.
Richelle Direny: Up. We didn't even speak. They extended it past the first because I know they they're trying to open up everything by the first
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, Michigan, and she extended our stay at home until May 15
Oh, wow.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And I think that's what it is. I think they're the even though the President wants to do one thing. I think it's really up to the each individual states governor what they do.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: All right then. So today's session. Have you, um, you haven't given that you're in Michigan I this is my first time meeting with you. So let me just going to go over everything with you so
Richelle Direny: The groups that I'm so I am going to be your the counselor that does groups as well as individual meet with you on an individual basis like this and will schedule like your follow up after this
Richelle Direny: Um, even though you're you're you're even though your video keeps going in and out, just let me know if you're still hearing me
Kelly Yeomans: I can hear you. Yep.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, I mean, if it's better for your reception to keep your video off. That's fine.
Kelly Yeomans: Okay, I think we're fine for a minute. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, so with the
Richelle Direny: With Michigan. I have the groups every Tuesday at 630 so I know every Monday you meet with Dr. For Rocco.
Kelly Yeomans: Yep.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so I have groups so groups are like a requirement. So, you know, and with
Richelle Direny: Compliance with the program and you know groups and what have you, then at that point. Dr farago can, you know, make the determination or I could even make the determination whether or not you have to come to group every week or if you just come on a monthly basis.
Richelle Direny: But
Richelle Direny: Each time that will check in the same like what you do with Dr farago you check in, in virtual clinic when in virtual clinic.
Richelle Direny: Okay, they will give you the code for whether if you're seeing doctor for Agha whether you're coming to group with me or you're doing individual with me. That's always the platform you go through
Richelle Direny: Virtual clinic.
Richelle Direny: The same way you sent me the message.
Richelle Direny: If
Richelle Direny: You're running late or you're unable to make it like this, you're at work or you can't take the time or whatever the situation just always send me a message.
Richelle Direny: I honestly like especially this morning. I really appreciate when someone sends me a message to say, hey, I'm running late or whatever the situation is
Richelle Direny: Because like I'm literally sitting here, just waiting for everyone to show
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, so always, you know, have that information on blocks, put my name. So you can always communicate with me that way.
Richelle Direny: And now, whenever you especially when you come to groups like I see you have your headset, especially when you come to groups.
Richelle Direny: We always ask that you keep your headset, especially if you're like, I know right now you're in your car, but let's say if your home.
Richelle Direny: And your other people living in the home that it just provides a degree of privacy. So, because there are other people that's on the screen speaking and you don't want everyone in the background to hear it. So everybody has to just provide the same respect for each other so
Richelle Direny: I always asked, like if you're in your car, sometimes, you know, people will say, Hey, I'm not going to wear my headset because I'm in my car. I'm the only one that's fine.
Richelle Direny: Um, especially when you're meeting with me. I'm that's kind of how I look at it, so you know next Tuesday the 28th. Are you able to come to groups on Tuesdays at 630
And thank you for
Richelle Direny: Okay, I think you were frozen for a while. Can you hear me now.
Kelly Yeomans: I can hear you.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, so now I was asking you, are you able to meet groups with your work schedule. Are you able to meet groups on Fridays at 630
Kelly Yeomans: On Fridays or Tuesdays. I'm
Richelle Direny: Sorry, I'm sorry Tuesday's Tuesdays, are you
Richelle Direny: Kidding me so
Kelly Yeomans: Tuesdays. I can
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay, you
Richelle Direny: Know, that's the only one I I typically don't send out reminders, but I think I'm for next Tuesday coming. I think I'm going to have them send out a reminder for the groups on Tuesdays.
Richelle Direny: Just
Kelly Yeomans: Keeps freezing. That's really weird.
Richelle Direny: I don't know. I don't know if it was me this time because I think both of us just went off.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so it didn't. Usually if mines is unstable tell me that it's unstable.
So I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Let me see how much we can get through this. Um, you know, in the next 45 minutes. What are. Let's see how much. Now, what time do you have to go back to work.
Kelly Yeomans: On like 130 would be ideal, but okay let me
Richelle Direny: Know, we'll try to get through, because I did ask you to come on a little earlier. So we'll, we'll try to get through, so you could get back in. Listen, this is good but work is important.
Kelly Yeomans: Yes.
Kelly Yeomans: Right, especially because my hours are cut so
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes, I am not gonna be responsible.
Richelle Direny: For them, so
Richelle Direny: You
Richelle Direny: So all right, so you know everything again is helping companies is confidential. It is session and anything that you say or suggest that you are risk to hurt yourself or anyone else, you know, of course, at that point, confidential. He's kind of like out the door.
Richelle Direny: Um, so tell me a little bit. How did you hear about right heart.
Kelly Yeomans: Um I Googled I like how
Kelly Yeomans: It and it was one of the first ones that came
Richelle Direny: Oh you Google specifically for
Kelly Yeomans: Suboxone for all your help. Yeah, no purpose for your life.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Hello. So tell me a little bit about just you in kind of what, when did you start this journey of addiction of opioids or whatever you're, you know, whether it's it started.
Her
Uh huh.
Kelly Yeomans: Okay, so I have back pain, and I started seeing a pain specialist and they put me on all kinds of opioids and then that was probably for three or four years.
Kelly Yeomans: And then they cut me off because of my insurance. And so, by that time I was addicted and they didn't we me off. And so I just found it other places to get it.
Richelle Direny: So you did your back pain start from like a car accident or like it was medical
Kelly Yeomans: Know I have arthritis.
Richelle Direny: Gotcha. Okay. And so they started you on and and then they wind you off and just says, hey,
Kelly Yeomans: No, they didn't win me off I went in for an appointment and they said your insurance orange.
Kelly Yeomans: So I didn't get we go says, I didn't get anything
And
Richelle Direny: So we're going to continue talking and maybe some of the stuff that you just said it's going to get repeated because then you were frozen for a little bit.
Richelle Direny: But
Richelle Direny: So with how so has this been going on. How long ago would you say the last two years, three years, four years,
Richelle Direny: Five years. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now, in terms of OBS is that the only thing that you've ever just prescription medication.
Kelly Yeomans: Correct.
Richelle Direny: When did you identify or it came into your awareness that you have developed an addiction to the opiates.
Kelly Yeomans: Probably a couple years ago when all I thought about was, where am I going to find more, where can I come up with the money for more
Kelly Yeomans: It just consumed my thoughts every day where I was going to be able to find more pills.
Richelle Direny: Okay, did you Is this your first time ever, engaging in treatment.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Now I'm know outside of the heart. Right. How long were you diagnosed with having arthritis.
Kelly Yeomans: Probably six years ago, maybe seven
Richelle Direny: Okay, and now there's no other underlining medical
Richelle Direny: Condition.
Richelle Direny: So, okay, and opiates has only been the, the only would, you would say a drug of choice or addiction that you've ever had.
Kelly Yeomans: Besides cigarettes. Yeah.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now with the cigarettes. How many packs to use. Would you say you smoke a day.
One.
Richelle Direny: One pack a day. Oh.
Yeah.
Now,
Richelle Direny: Do you have any like pending legal or any kind of bad charges.
No.
Richelle Direny: No.
Kelly Yeomans: No.
Richelle Direny: And this is the first time you said that you've ever sought out the treatment. Now, when you're seeking out treatment. Were you seeking out treatment.
Richelle Direny: Just to help you to manage the the Suboxone where you're not abusing it or was it like, what was your reasoning to say, okay, I need to get I need to seek assistance or treatment.
Kelly Yeomans: I can't afford it. It's hurting my family.
Kelly Yeomans: I argue with my husband about it.
Richelle Direny: So he will wear
Kelly Yeomans: Yeah, oh yeah yeah I don't, it's, it's not a secret. And my family by any means. My children or adults say no.
Richelle Direny: Well, no, he's a weird that you're you've now decided to be a part of a program to help you.
Richelle Direny: Correct. Gotcha. Okay, now let's move over into the hip. Now, do you have any
Richelle Direny: Diagnosis like psychiatric history diagnosis of mental illness, anxiety, you see anything like that.
Kelly Yeomans: Anxiety. That's about it.
Richelle Direny: Because I were you diagnosed with anxiety disorder.
Kelly Yeomans: I DON'T HOLD IT ALL KNOW FOR SURE. And I told my doctor about it. But that's, I don't know, specific
Kelly Yeomans: Diagnosis
Richelle Direny: So you don't see a psychiatrist or you don't take any kind of anti anxiety medication.
Kelly Yeomans: No.
Richelle Direny: Do you think, do you, I know you say you smoke a pack of cigarettes cigarettes a day.
Richelle Direny: Do you find like when you're a little bit more anxious than other times. Do you smoke more or do you think that would you connect the smoking to helping you get through, like if you're having a feeling of anxiety of any sort.
Kelly Yeomans: Far
Kelly Yeomans: Probably used car. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Have you have any
Richelle Direny: Any thoughts in the past, formal or presence thoughts of suicide homicidal ideation self injurious behaviors.
Kelly Yeomans: No.
Richelle Direny: No.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now, in terms of family history, you have, how many you say you have adult children right
Kelly Yeomans: Correct.
Richelle Direny: No, you. Does your husband have any
Richelle Direny: History of mental own
Kelly Yeomans: No.
Richelle Direny: What about extended family. Do you have siblings.
Kelly Yeomans: Is
Richelle Direny: How many so they don't either. Okay, how many times
Kelly Yeomans: Are you loving one that's living one deceased.
Richelle Direny: And what about your parents do they have any history of mental illness.
Kelly Yeomans: No.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: What about history of
Richelle Direny: Substance abuse.
Kelly Yeomans: In my family.
Mm hmm.
Kelly Yeomans: The brother was addicted to opioids and alcohol, one that is
Richelle Direny: And how did he pass
Kelly Yeomans: Excellent related to all
Richelle Direny: You said accidentally
Kelly Yeomans: Accident drunk driver. He was in a car with her.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: And how long ago did he pass
Kelly Yeomans: Again,
Richelle Direny: Say that again.
Kelly Yeomans: Okay 10 years ago.
Richelle Direny: 10 years ago.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. And so the only one of your so you have you say you have two siblings one deceased than one I'm presently alive in that person does not
Richelle Direny: That something does not have any history.
Kelly Yeomans: Correct, correct.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you said mom or dad didn't have any history either right
Kelly Yeomans: Correct.
Richelle Direny: Now, what about extended like aunts, uncles, cousins.
Kelly Yeomans: I have an uncle. So it's a franek
Richelle Direny: Mother than that. No.
Richelle Direny: And it was this person, this uncle. That was good to friend and he was on your paternal or maternal or
Kelly Yeomans: Paternal
Richelle Direny: And both parents are both parents are alive. We're ready to seize
Kelly Yeomans: Hope parents are alive.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you said that I'm not. Were you born and raised in Michigan.
Correct.
Richelle Direny: Now you have adult children do you have grandchildren.
Kelly Yeomans: I do I have to have
Richelle Direny: Her the younger like teenagers.
Kelly Yeomans: one's gonna be to Monday and the other will be two and August.
Richelle Direny: Oh wow, very close
Yes.
Richelle Direny: How many children do you have
Kelly Yeomans: To
Richelle Direny: A son and a daughter.
Kelly Yeomans: Yep.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you said no history of mental illness that you're aware of no history of substance abuse that you're aware of nothing on their side.
Richelle Direny: Correct. And now what about
Go ahead.
Kelly Yeomans: Nobody didn't say anything.
Richelle Direny: What about on your husband's side of the family.
Kelly Yeomans: Alcohol.
Richelle Direny: And, you know,
Richelle Direny: Alcohol is on his side of the family, but
Richelle Direny: None of your he doesn't have a history of alcohol abuse.
Kelly Yeomans: The recovery, they'll go
Richelle Direny: Oh, he is a recovering alcoholic and how many, how many years, has he been in recovery.
Kelly Yeomans: Maybe
Richelle Direny: Setting
Kelly Yeomans: Close to about nine months, not even a year.
Richelle Direny: Oh, okay. So he's
Richelle Direny: And and how long would you say that you have been on your journey of
Richelle Direny: Sobriety in terms of not being dependent on
Richelle Direny: The pills.
Kelly Yeomans: And maybe
Kelly Yeomans: I think since I started with the Suboxone
Kelly Yeomans: I didn't think about it again.
Richelle Direny: So in terms of working towards your own sobriety, where are you in terms of
Richelle Direny: What is your goal is it that your goal is that you just
Richelle Direny: You want to eventually taper off. Like, what was your goal when you decided okay let me find a program to help me with this outside of, you know, just buying it off the street. What was your thought process.
Kelly Yeomans: Um,
Kelly Yeomans: I don't want to buy it off the street anymore, but I don't want to have back pain, either.
Kelly Yeomans: Oh, I need to be able to stay off them and to be able to control my pain also
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. So from a medical standpoint, with you. I'm sure you have
Richelle Direny: To for your arthritis. What is their plan of care in terms of managing your pain.
Kelly Yeomans: It's they tell me to take ibuprofen, which I've taken pain pills for so long that
Kelly Yeomans: That doesn't do anything. So
Kelly Yeomans: I guess one step at a time. I mean, get my pills under control and then figure that out.
Richelle Direny: So right now it's just your main focus is just to get the pain under control and then go from there. Now, I mean,
Richelle Direny: I know with her, it is, it comes, you know, with a lot of pain and
Richelle Direny: Depending on how far gone, it is no there is an enormous amount of pain, but
Richelle Direny: It's one thing to yes to get stable on the Suboxone or more just to take the Suboxone to stabilize the pain, but then the reality of it, just like with anything.
Richelle Direny: Like, even with the medication that they told you to take if your body becomes immune to it, then it doesn't really do a whole lot of anything.
Richelle Direny: So I and having that conversation.
Richelle Direny: With that medical provider, it's him having a realistic conversation with you to say, hey, there has to be more to managing my pain than just taking something because
Richelle Direny: His streaking has stated that I take this my body gets me into it. I'm back again. I'm on this. My body kind of immune to it. I'm back again. So, you know, I'm coming to see you. You have to give me right and just that.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So have you had
Richelle Direny: Have you had
Kelly Yeomans: I have not. I haven't even thought about it, but it definitely makes sense. I do.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: Realistically speaking, when you, when we're thinking about goals, especially if one of the main things is pain if someone said, ones that you know they eventually wanted to
Richelle Direny: taper off of the Suboxone message. Okay. Well, let's think about if it's a realistic goal for you or they want to take on a taper off of medications, period. Well, let's talk about the realistic piece of it.
Richelle Direny: If you're, if it is that you're having back pain, and it's a medical reason why you're doing this. What was that conversation with that doctor and if the doctor saying, well, you have to have surgery. But then you say, No, I don't want to have
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me now.
Kelly Yeomans: I can hear you.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you know, if the doctor says if you say, No, I don't want to follow that. And if the doctor says, well, all you can do is manage your pain and this is how you manage your pain because there's nothing else from a medical standpoint that we can do, then you would have to adjust your
Richelle Direny: Goal in knowing how to manage the pain and taking a medication and not having a goal to taper off of the medication because that's literally the only way to manage your pain.
Richelle Direny: So when we're thinking about goals and what is it that you want to do is first having that very real conversation with this medical professional and saying, hey,
Richelle Direny: What stage is my arthritis. What is it that I can do right now to manage it.
Richelle Direny: Is it that you know if they say, well, you need to. I mean, I can only see your face. So if they say no, you need to lose weight. No, you need to do more exercise, you need to do. You have to have that very real conversation with the doctor.
Richelle Direny: And with saying that, then you can have a better idea of how you're managing your pain moving forward so that you can decrease
Richelle Direny: Your pain levels, um, you have an idea what am I working with, what am I doing because I could take a pill. There's no problem.
Richelle Direny: But then my pain is getting more so it's going to cause me to take more pills. So what exactly is this real conversation with the doctor.
Richelle Direny: Am I, I don't. And I don't really know how arthritis work. Is it like you know if there's phase one and phase two. Where is my face. And what does that look like right now.
Richelle Direny: And what are the chances that you know I could go to phase two, or can I slow the progression, so it doesn't get to that.
Richelle Direny: And it's having that very real conversation with a doctor and
Richelle Direny: Then making a realistic plan or goal for this to say, hey, because then I'm abusing
Richelle Direny: Medication because I have so much pain, but then
Richelle Direny: My pain is getting becoming more and more. So then Suboxone is not going to be strong enough to assist that if I don't really have that very real conversation with the doctor.
Kelly Yeomans: Okay.
Kelly Yeomans: Okay, that makes sense. Yep. So
Richelle Direny: Um, let's, I'm going to make another appointment with you because I know your time is going by and I again don't want not want to be
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Let's make our next. Now this evening better for you.
Kelly Yeomans: Yeah.
Kelly Yeomans: Yeah, that would work. You
Richelle Direny: Know if I put it for the 18th at four. Would that be okay for you.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, and I'll send you a reminder for the 18th at 4pm and I will have the, the, the care coordinators send a reminder out for you for Monday at a for Tuesday at 630
Kelly Yeomans: Awesome.
Richelle Direny: All right, thank you so much. How do you pronounce your name, your last name.
Yep.
Kelly Yeomans: So I owe us
Richelle Direny: Yeomans
Kelly Yeomans: Correct.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. Then I'm Miss Kelly, so I will see you on Tuesday.
Kelly Yeomans: Thank you so much.
Richelle Direny: You're welcome.
Richelle Direny: So,
Rachel Cooper: Sorry about that.
Richelle Direny: Ritual, you, you, you, you, is an hour late
Rachel Cooper: I know, I'm sorry. I apologize, my microwave clock is an hour behind and my son fixed the clock.
Rachel Cooper: And I've been in and out of a nap so I really don't have an excuse. It's my fault. I apologize.
Rachel Cooper: I do apologize.
Rachel Cooper: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Rachel, are you in Ohio or Tennessee.
Rachel Cooper: I'm in Michigan.
Richelle Direny: Or Michigan.
Richelle Direny: And so just to make you aware, you do know we have groups on Tuesdays.
Rachel Cooper: Yes, yes, I know I I spoke with a couple of other people, and I have, I have some issues, remembering, but I've talked to, like, I don't know if you knew before, but I wasn't allowed to
Rachel Cooper: move back in with my mother, so I didn't have a stable place to be. But starting this week. She's allowing me to just stay here permanently. So she's going to help me to remember
Rachel Cooper: Mm hmm. So I will not miss another
Richelle Direny: But then even even even. What about the tech doesn't the text messages you send you reminders.
Rachel Cooper: That that's my mom sellers. Well, um, I don't have a phone so it goes to my mom and when I'm not here or not around then, you know, I don't get it. But I'm like I said, my mom says I'm allowed to stay here out so no son mommy important call my grandma.
Rachel Cooper: I'm on the phone with therapy.
Rachel Cooper: Say bye bye
Richelle Direny: Good.
Rachel Cooper: Day. Thank you.
Rachel Cooper: Do you have any toys.
Richelle Direny: Toys.
Rachel Cooper: They said, when Mommy stone was her phone call. I'll let you say goodbye. Okay. Okay. Oh.
Rachel Cooper: He's like, no.
Rachel Cooper: He's trying his hardest not go
Rachel Cooper: He really is.
Rachel Cooper: Okay, I apologize.
Richelle Direny: That's okay, that was
Rachel Cooper: Yes, ma'am. That was
Rachel Cooper: And that's my mother yelling in the background.
Richelle Direny: So let's get started. So today's session is, um, is what is called an intake session you meet with Dr Fraga
Yeah.
Rachel Cooper: I'm like a
Richelle Direny: On Mondays.
Rachel Cooper: You meet with my back. Yes, yes. I'm wondering
Richelle Direny: I know the fat last few sessions where you weren't able to attend. Um, what was going on. You did you had, um, you were sick.
Rachel Cooper: Yes. Yeah, I was really sick. I had the flu and my throat was hurting and and all of that. I just, I had no
Rachel Cooper: I really wasn't even getting out of bed. I had to send my mom to the pharmacy to get my prescription and all of that.
Rachel Cooper: I'm trying to find somewhere to set us up here.
Rachel Cooper: Oops, there we go. Is that better. Maybe a little too high.
Richelle Direny: No, no, you're fine. You're fine.
Richelle Direny: Okay, did you create a group once
Rachel Cooper: I've, I've been to group. Yes. Um, I didn't come next week when you it was you. I am three other girls.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it was just your setup just now, it hit me like, hold up, you have been to group.
Yes.
Rachel Cooper: Have you had me on a dresser and you were looking so yes
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, um, so the same setup. Okay, so whenever you're going to come to me with me for individual the same exact way that you do for group or you do for Dr. For I go, it's the same, you know, for me, you just walk into a virtual clinic.
Richelle Direny: And they send you over to me. So the same exact thing that you do.
Rachel Cooper: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And just so you're aware, if this is a recorded session. Everything is held confidential.
Richelle Direny: Today, anything that you say
Richelle Direny: That is indicating that you know you're having thoughts or you want to harm yourself then you know confidentiality kind of goes out the door in that aspect.
Rachel Cooper: But
Richelle Direny: For the most part, everything you know it is
Richelle Direny: A confidential. Confidentiality is held in high it in high regard so
Richelle Direny: This is again intake. We're just getting to know you getting to understand your history from your journey.
Richelle Direny: When it started, where you are currently
Richelle Direny: And, you know, in the end, we'll talk about what are your goals. What is it that you want to work on on what brought you to bright heart to help to either continue maintain the journey.
Richelle Direny: And then, you know, we'll set up our next session. And then in that next session we will talk about
Richelle Direny: In the next session we will talk about will go into details in terms of your goals in, you know, long term, short term goals. Okay.
Rachel Cooper: Sounds good.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so how did you hear about Bret Hart.
Rachel Cooper: I literally was just looking on the computer for Suboxone doctors and you guys are who I found
Rachel Cooper: I apologize. My Suboxone are not in my drawer and I just have to make sure everybody stays out of my room until I can be done on this conversation. I apologize.
Rachel Cooper: So,
Rachel Cooper: I apologize.
Richelle Direny: So you said that you you were looking at up for doctors to prescribe Suboxone
Rachel Cooper: Yeah, I was looking for some boxing program. Yeah. And I just found this number, and I called and I really liked what they had to say and I absolutely love the face to face on the computer thing that really helped. Um,
Richelle Direny: Okay, you said you don't you don't have a car right
Richelle Direny: Correct. Okay. And you're living arrangements is all fit on said so this gives you the feasibility, to be able to still be a part of a program and still maintain. All right. Okay. Right. Okay, so tell me a little bit.
Richelle Direny: About you know how you got started in your addiction, what was going on. How old were you when you started and kind of what was that introductory
Richelle Direny: Thing that
Rachel Cooper: I was 21. Mm hmm. Um, I just had my daughter.
Rachel Cooper: Um, and I was working at the bar and I was working
Rachel Cooper: From
Rachel Cooper: 5pm all the way to 3am and I was a single mother and I would go to work, come home, my daughter would wake up at seven o'clock in the morning and then
Rachel Cooper: From there, I would be so tired. I wouldn't be able to function. So, the next day at work. Oh, and I had gotten into a car accident. A couple years prior.
Rachel Cooper: Gave up let me go.
Rachel Cooper: Excuse me one second.
Rachel Cooper: Thank you. Excuse me game and I apologize. This is out of control. Um, so I got into a car accident, a few years prior. And when I was at work. One night I was so tired. I couldn't keep my eyes open my body hurts so bad. Um, and I have
Rachel Cooper: attics in my family. Um, and I just absolutely refused to do anything addictive. Well, a friend of mine handed me of like it in and said, Here, take this. It'll make you feel better. You won't hurt and you'll you'll wake up.
Rachel Cooper: Well, taking one a day turned into three a day, which turned into by the end, I was taking 6050 6010 milligram Narcos every single day.
Rachel Cooper: And then I had $50 one day and another friend was up here, try this. It's cheaper and it'll get all of us from being sick.
Rachel Cooper: And that began my journey with heroin.
Richelle Direny: At 21 years old.
Rachel Cooper: I was 31 when I started the heroin.
Richelle Direny: But 21 when you started the
Richelle Direny: Pill, and this is after the birth of your daughter. You said
Richelle Direny: Yes. And this is, um, after the birth of your daughter, and after your accident.
Rachel Cooper: Yeah, I was 17 when I got to the bad car accident.
Rachel Cooper: And then got pregnant had my daughter and I was just so tired all the time. Um, and she was like my sister really she carried me and from the car. The day I came home from the hospital when I was born, you know, she was like family. So I trusted her
Rachel Cooper: I had no idea of like it was addictive. No clue at all. You know, back then it was darvocet for the big thing. You know what I mean. So I never would take those. But then I went to break it in. Well, once I started goes. It was, you know, for me it was like Kevin. I was awake.
Rachel Cooper: I felt good. I'm
Rachel Cooper: Sorry. Um, and then for 10 years I continued on with that to where it got to where I was spending three, four or $500 a day and pills.
Rachel Cooper: And somebody introduced me to heroin and I would do one line a day and I would be fine that lasted for about six months and gradually I got all the way up to where I was doing about two grams a day.
Rachel Cooper: Then it went from snorting it moved on to injecting it
Rachel Cooper: And I am, it helps with the pain.
Rachel Cooper: It blocked out all the emotional pain that I was feeling
Rachel Cooper: Mm hmm. Um,
Rachel Cooper: It was to me. I felt like I found a miracle cure. You know, I worked at a bar. So I would get drunk and the next day have a hangover. But I would take to like it and and to the action I would be brand new.
Richelle Direny: And I'm
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: This went on for the next 10 to 15 years
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay. And have you ever gone into treatment.
Rachel Cooper: I've been into treatment 17 times
Richelle Direny: When was the last treatment.
Richelle Direny: Room. You were in
Rachel Cooper: About three months ago and I took my son, which means, but the way he behavior on the other kids, they had me leave because he just
Rachel Cooper: When he's in a strange place he acts out very badly. And I don't smack on my child. So they said I wasn't disciplining him enough
Rachel Cooper: So I chose to leave as opposed to make my child stand on the corner all day long.
Richelle Direny: Live in program that you were in
Rachel Cooper: It was a residential I was supposed to be there for
Rachel Cooper: Five days detox work 10 days residential and then this past Monday I was going to go ahead and go for
Rachel Cooper: A detox presidential but I'd already found you guys
Rachel Cooper: So,
Richelle Direny: So what, um,
Richelle Direny: Okay, what about um
Richelle Direny: So in 17. What's the name of the last program that you were impatient.
Rachel Cooper: Clear view.
Richelle Direny: And this was with the clear view was a family friendly. It sounded like
Richelle Direny: If you were able to bring your child.
Rachel Cooper: Women and children. Yes. And it's a sub. It's an attachment to Sacred Heart, which is right across the street on the Sacred Heart was just men and women only
Richelle Direny: Okay. And so, um, so, so in this last 10 to 15 years it was started with pills addiction to the opiates, then it moved over to the heroin. What about alcohol.
Rachel Cooper: I drink for for a while, like I said, when I was bartending. I was drinking every single day. Um, but other than that. No, not really. When I'm on opiates alcohol just doesn't do much for me.
Rachel Cooper: It just, I don't enjoy it.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, do you in the in that time. Have you ever incurred any kind of legal charges or the pending.
Rachel Cooper: Many
I had
Rachel Cooper: Many retail frauds. A couple of probation violations of
Rachel Cooper: What else did I have, um,
Rachel Cooper: I think, I think I did get charged. Oh, I had a possession
Rachel Cooper: Possession of paraphernalia also, um, and they did charge me one time with attempted vehicular homicide, but they found out that my ex husband was lying and they let me go and never actually formally charged me
Rachel Cooper: And then once again on assault and battery. But again, was never formally charged. Come here, boy.
Rachel Cooper: Was never really formally charged, um, because they know it wasn't me. And then I'm tempted robbery and that also was not me. Somebody news, my name.
Rachel Cooper: Hi.
Rachel Cooper: Mom is on the phone.
Rachel Cooper: Sorry.
Rachel Cooper: She's talking to me about important things
Rachel Cooper: Okay, your phone and you can come in here and lecture for my mom is on her. Okay, I'm sorry about that.
Rachel Cooper: Like I said I wasn't staying with my mom. And now that I am he's all over his mom all the time. He asked to know what I'm doing at all times.
Richelle Direny: And so now, you said that with the last one. There was the vehicular homicide and then then they drop those charges and then what was the last one.
Rachel Cooper: I'm Robert I'm
Rachel Cooper: Armed armed robbery, but somebody used my name when they ran my prince, Daniel. It wasn't me.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, so
Richelle Direny: Now, what was the, the highest level of education. Did you go to some of the graduate high school have some college
Rachel Cooper: I graduated high school and I did take a couple college classes. I did not complete. And actually, I'm looking into going back to school. Now I'm thinking about maybe paralegal
Richelle Direny: Now, when you were in the the
Richelle Direny: When you were in the program. Did you have counseling.
Rachel Cooper: Yes. Yeah, I didn't do counseling.
Rachel Cooper: Like every week. I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: With every rehab, you had counseling.
Rachel Cooper: Correct. But I've never followed up know
Richelle Direny: What do you mean, after you came out. You never followed up.
Richelle Direny: Correct. OK.
Richelle Direny: Now let's talk about. Now, before we go there. Do you have any underlying medical
Rachel Cooper: I've loved it.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now, I've always been elected epileptic or did that start like after the dragon, you
Rachel Cooper: Know, I started at 15
Rachel Cooper: Um, so it was way before
Rachel Cooper: And also have to see what I'm
Rachel Cooper: Saying I have to see as well. Um, but that's it. Um, I have arthritis and carpal tunnel really bad. But, um, other than that. That's all I'm sorry I have a heart murmur as well. I just found out about that.
Richelle Direny: Now let's no segue into your
Richelle Direny: Strike history. Were you ever diagnosed with mental illness.
Rachel Cooper: Yes, I am. Bipolar
Rachel Cooper: manic depressant. I have severe anxiety disorder.
Rachel Cooper: Insomnia and I'm
Rachel Cooper: Trying to think, what else PTSD.
Richelle Direny: And all of those were diagnosed by psychiatrists
Rachel Cooper: Yes, ma'am. And
Richelle Direny: Are you are you following up with a psychiatrist. No.
Rachel Cooper: No, I am as soon as this coronavirus thing is over. I am going to look for one on
Rachel Cooper: My epilepsy was so bad that I had a seizure driving and hit off duty cop.
Rachel Cooper: So I'm going to go get a complete checkup and see if it's if you know they say any of my conditions festival that bad, and I may be applying for Social Security, depending on what they say.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Know how old were you when you got diagnosed or the premise behind like even with the PTSD.
Rachel Cooper: PTSD. I was like 20 floor. Um, and actually that started and rehab. Um, and I started and outpatient one time and they've seen me a couple of times and said, my diagnosis was right and I was supposed to continue to follow up, but I never done.
Rachel Cooper: I'm going to actually I'm going to call the Guidance Center and see if I can't get some type of psychiatric care started so
Rachel Cooper: I can't watch it. Maybe I'm on the phone talking to my doctor you sit right here and watch it.
Richelle Direny: Oh, I like the upgrade, but I'm not
Richelle Direny: The doctor. I'm okay now for a family history do you have in
Richelle Direny: Terms of a mental illness. Do you have a family history of mental illness.
Rachel Cooper: Yes, ma'am. Um,
Rachel Cooper: My father
Rachel Cooper: He had some mental illness. I'm not exactly sure what
Rachel Cooper: My brother, my brother. He is bipolar. And, um, I believe he has some schizophrenia, as well. And I know that my nephew is paranoid schizophrenia.
Rachel Cooper: depression and bipolar. And
Richelle Direny: What about your on your mom, your mom or your dad.
Rachel Cooper: My dad had mental illness. I'm not sure exactly what Gabriel Scott, I'll ask my mom, mom, what was dad's mental illnesses.
Rachel Cooper: Oops. What happened.
Rachel Cooper: Sorry about that only
Rachel Cooper: Seizure he didn't have any mental almost no
Rachel Cooper: No. What about on your side.
Rachel Cooper: Mom, what about your side. No.
No.
Rachel Cooper: I'm sorry. It's just a madhouse around here. I let you guys
Richelle Direny: Know you're okay. Um, now
Richelle Direny: With has there any been any history, either from you, personally, or let's start off with you personally. Has there been any attempts of suicide.
Rachel Cooper: When I was 18 I tried to slit my wrists. Um, but that was only one time it was very long ago.
Rachel Cooper: I'm
Rachel Cooper: Don't have those thoughts anymore. And to be honest, my religion would keep me from it, even if I didn't think about it.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Now when you say your religion, what would
Richelle Direny: What religion would you identify
Rachel Cooper: I'm Christian I but I believe that if you will kill yourself that that's an unforgivable sin.
And so
Rachel Cooper: I don't want to spend eternity in Hell because no matter how bad I got it here. That sounds much much worse.
Richelle Direny: You here for because life got the best of me and I took
Rachel Cooper: Right.
Richelle Direny: I hear you. I'm okay now.
Richelle Direny: For your family. Has anyone ever
Richelle Direny: Had any thoughts of
Rachel Cooper: Not that I'm aware of.
Rachel Cooper: Now,
Richelle Direny: Even now, when so going back a little bit. When you said about the homicide. The video. The vehicular homicide. Were you in the vehicle. Were you
Rachel Cooper: I was driving and I was an abusive marriage and we separated and I moved home with my mom and my daughter is from a previous relationship to my husband and
Rachel Cooper: He showed up to take my hurt her dad showed up to take my daughter to school. Well, my husband. Shut up at the same time.
Rachel Cooper: So I sent my daughter, along with her dad. Well, I knew he was going to try to fight with me. So I got in my car to drive away. And as I was blown down the driveway. He tried to be just jump on my car and wrapped his arms and I rolled my windows up well.
Rachel Cooper: Somehow he continued to grab on. And I think the window caught his shirt because he wasn't letting go. But halfway down the block you finally let go, was arm shattered.
Rachel Cooper: And he told the cops that I had done it on purpose. And then I tried to run them over. But luckily, all the neighbors were out and had witnessed that it was him trying to attack me me clean
Rachel Cooper: So I got away.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so it's attempted and the killer homicide.
Rachel Cooper: Yes, attempted. He's perfectly fine. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Oh, OK. OK. All right.
Richelle Direny: Um, now does he have
Richelle Direny: Are you still married or it's your ex husband. Now your divorce.
Rachel Cooper: We are married, but we are separated
Richelle Direny: Now is he has a history of
Richelle Direny: Does he have a history of substance abuse.
Rachel Cooper: Yes, my husband. Yes.
Rachel Cooper: Yes, you guys.
Rachel Cooper: In which case, to be quite honest with you. That's basically my fault. I've kind of introduced him to all of that.
Rachel Cooper: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah you eat, whether you introduce, he continued, he could, you know, so he's filled plays a big role in it.
Rachel Cooper: Well, and I see that's
Rachel Cooper: One of the reasons why he left me. Is he went and got clean and I don't know if that's true, but from my understanding, he stayed clean. Now I don't know if that's true or not. I don't know.
Rachel Cooper: I don't know any of it because we don't take any more, but
Richelle Direny: For how long have you guys been separated
Rachel Cooper: Oh years on my son is for about four years.
Richelle Direny: Is this your, your son right now. That's his father.
Rachel Cooper: No, I was raised. I don't know who MY SON'S FATHER IS
Richelle Direny: This maybe you're talking about
Rachel Cooper: Yes, the one that I have here with me. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and what about host. So you have a four year old. That's how old is this baby.
Rachel Cooper: He's for that's that's what I'm talking about a score. Now, I do have a younger son is too. Um, but I gave him up for adoption and no he's not my husband's either we were already split for some years.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so by the when you were when you were brave and you had this child, you are already separated from your, your husband.
Rachel Cooper: Yes, ma'am.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now I'm
Rachel Cooper: I'm sorry, I don't know, because I'm hearing you right when I'm
Rachel Cooper: With my four year old know my husband and I were still together. Um, when I was raped and conceived him my husband and I were still together. Um, but my youngest, the one that I have given up for adoption. We were suffering.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: How many children and total to you have
Three.
Rachel Cooper: Three.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. So your daughter is how old is your daughter.
Richelle Direny: She's 14 okay and she lives with you as one
Richelle Direny: Or shows with her father.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: Is there any history of overdose or suicide attempts, or homicides in within your family.
Rachel Cooper: My dad.
Rachel Cooper: Oh deed once and
Rachel Cooper: I have Odeon once as well. Excuse me. Just one moment. Hello.
Rachel Cooper: I apologize that was actually the
Rachel Cooper: Place where I was talking about going to rehab. They wanted to know if I was going to show up.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so you're when you go to rehab.
Richelle Direny: This is the one that you were with with your son.
Richelle Direny: You work with you.
Rachel Cooper: Know I after the after the place with my son. When I got kicked out about a month or so later before I found you guys I actually looked into somewhere else. My mom was going to keep him. Um, and
Rachel Cooper: Today was actually going to be my day to go. Um, but since I found you guys and you guys are offering this therapy and I'm getting my soapbox on. I just don't think I might go ahead and try this if I actually go
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: Not what is the history. I know you had went over a little bit with the history of substance abuse your, your, your husband wasn't an addict you and you said you had a family history of attics, it started off in the beginning, famous. Now is it on both sides.
Rachel Cooper: Of know on my mother's side there is no bomb.
Rachel Cooper: There is no addiction problems on my mother's side I'm
Rachel Cooper: Honestly, to my belief I truly believe that my mother is an addict. She just doesn't use drugs, she she shows all the tendencies of what an addict is she just doesn't use drugs. She doesn't
Rachel Cooper: She doesn't use she doesn't drink. She just has all of the
Richelle Direny: For you think she's addicted to something is either to find what it is.
Rachel Cooper: I don't know, figure out she's definitely addicted to cigarettes and coffee. There's no coffee and
Rachel Cooper: Cigarettes.
Rachel Cooper: She says nothing
Rachel Cooper: Mom, sorry. I'll have that conversation.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: How many do you have any siblings.
Rachel Cooper: I do. I have two brothers and two sisters girl have
Rachel Cooper: A brother and sister from my mom's side and I brother and sister for my father's side.
Richelle Direny: Are you guys still
Rachel Cooper: No, no, I don't speak to any of my siblings.
Rachel Cooper: Hold on just a moment.
Rachel Cooper: Sorry, I thought I seen my son going somewhere he shouldn't. No, no, I don't speak to any of my siblings at all. I'm actually yesterday on the telephone, was that baby girl. This is my gorgeous daughter, by the way, my therapist.
Rachel Cooper: Isn't she beautiful um I don't speak to my brothers or sisters. I'm a lot of it because of my addiction.
Rachel Cooper: And then a lot. Just because we all have egos that we don't know how to let go.
Rachel Cooper: And that's just true.
Richelle Direny: They have a history of
Rachel Cooper: Now, my brothers and sisters yes are addicts there. They all are addicted to marijuana
Rachel Cooper: But that's all they don't do any other drugs, they don't do any illegal drugs. They're not addicted to any pain medication any prescription medications they're just
Rachel Cooper: Just marijuana and they always have been my whole entire life.
Richelle Direny: Know Your father still living. No.
Rachel Cooper: Ma'am. He's not he died of hair HOMICIDE HERE WHEN HE almost
Rachel Cooper: He died from
Rachel Cooper: How do you say that word cirrhosis cirrhosis of the liver.
Rachel Cooper: Gabriel. Don't you touch another knife.
Rachel Cooper: Know, ask mommy.
Richelle Direny: Are you going to the room.
Richelle Direny: I'm sorry, nothing. Are you going back to your room.
Rachel Cooper: Yeah, yeah. Let me see. Mommy's opening it.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so he so he so you're saying, yeah, I know you said that he had he had an overdose, but he was what he died from what cirrhosis of the liver.
Rachel Cooper: Yes, he, my dad was
Rachel Cooper: too because prior to me being alive. I never know my dad to be on anything other than alcohol. Um, and he he quit. I guess when he oh did
Rachel Cooper: He died for a couple minutes, and my mom and and kind of miraculously miraculously here gave up.
Rachel Cooper: He died and they told him that my mom was pregnant with me. And he came back to life and never touched the stuff again. Um, but he
Rachel Cooper: Continued to drink, and then the doctors told them he had to quit drinking or he wasn't going to get into liver and he came home and never drink again. But then his heart went bad before the liver can come in.
Rachel Cooper: So many
Rachel Cooper: Other
Richelle Direny: When he does. Okay, so, so when you said that your. The doctors told your mom that she was pregnant with you. So you are you the eldest child.
Younger
Rachel Cooper: My youngest
Rachel Cooper: My youngest sibling was 11 years older than me.
Richelle Direny: You mean your oldest sibling.
Rachel Cooper: My youngest sibling, it goes there. Paul only so much I from my mom and they're 50 and 49
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Rachel Cooper: And I'm dying. Michael and they are 48 and 47
Rachel Cooper: And then there's me at 35
Richelle Direny: Oh, gotcha, gotcha. Okay. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you're the ultimate of the baby of the family. But those are one out before you is 11 years older.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, gotcha, gotcha.
Uh huh.
Richelle Direny: Now you said that you were thinking about going back to school for, um,
Richelle Direny: Passively to be a paralegal
Rachel Cooper: Yes, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. Now when you say that you have memory problems. When did that come about. Has it always been that way or
Rachel Cooper: Um, it's been that way ever since my Jesus have started
Rachel Cooper: Um,
Rachel Cooper: And that way for about 20 years now.
Rachel Cooper: And I've had, I've had three strokes with due to my seizures.
Rachel Cooper: Gabriel mommy's on the phone.
Rachel Cooper: I need that.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So, when was the last time you had a string.
Rachel Cooper: I only had those three and that was mom. How long ago was it that I had those strokes. Stop game.
Rachel Cooper: Strokes
Rachel Cooper: Couple years it's been a couple years.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Were you born and raised in Ohio.
Rachel Cooper: Michigan.
Richelle Direny: Michigan and why keep saying, Ohio, Michigan. Were you born in. Yes, yes.
Rachel Cooper: Stop.
Rachel Cooper: Your children.
Richelle Direny: Your children were they ever diagnosed with any type of mental illness or behavioral disorders or anything.
Rachel Cooper: No nine
Rachel Cooper: And actually, I think I'm going to take my son to see about some behavioral disorders because he is. He does not listen at all.
Rachel Cooper: At all.
Rachel Cooper: These his daughter, my daughter perfect angel cried because she got on the honor roll instead of the dean's list like she's just a perfect kid and he he just he does what he wants, whenever he wants and he'll take the punishment, regardless
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay. But you said that he's for as well. Right.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And was he now when I'm
Richelle Direny: You became pregnant with him was, were you still an active addictions.
Rachel Cooper: Yes, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: Was he born addicted to anything.
Rachel Cooper: Less ma'am heroin and crack
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Maybe there is some behavioral things attached to that.
Rachel Cooper: Yes, yes I found out I was pregnant, and I need to charge for this launch dying. I found out I was pregnant are logging in there and I'm
Rachel Cooper: Dr. Could you
Rachel Cooper: You would tell me
Rachel Cooper: You haven't done anything
Rachel Cooper: I found it. Thanks for the help
Rachel Cooper: Oh, what did I do
Rachel Cooper: Monday. Oh, now you want to take off.
Rachel Cooper: Every time I get him out there. You walked around
Rachel Cooper: The common taken right
Rachel Cooper: I apologize. I'm sorry I spoke my mind.
Rachel Cooper: And that's her problem is, is I'm on her phone. I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: Oh, it's her phone that has the camera.
Yeah.
Rachel Cooper: I'm sure I apologize.
Richelle Direny: No problem. Now, you said that, um, you weren't allowed to stay with her before.
Correct.
Richelle Direny: It hasn't always been this way.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So what's the dynamic between you and your mom.
Rachel Cooper: You see it.
Rachel Cooper: What toys.
Rachel Cooper: Get them what's going on.
Rachel Cooper: Why are you yelling at him. You need to phones.
Rachel Cooper: So I can set here.
Rachel Cooper: Sorry.
Richelle Direny: Take a moment.
Rachel Cooper: I don't, I really don't understand why she treats me like that. I really don't. I've been doing everything everything this whole sense the year started to try
Rachel Cooper: I do everything for her but I asked for one thing, and this is what she does.
Richelle Direny: Are you working on trying to get your own place.
Richelle Direny: Where you're unable to at this time.
Rachel Cooper: I'M NOT ABLE TO THIS TIME AND SHE'S GOT CUSTODY OF MY SON. So if I go I don't get to see him, and she throws that up in my face every single day.
Richelle Direny: So she only has custody of your son alone.
Rachel Cooper: She adopted my son so
Richelle Direny: For the four year old, she legally adopted him.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: From birth.
Rachel Cooper: Yes, cuz I was on drugs.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And what in your other son was adopted by another family member.
Rachel Cooper: Oh no, I'm my other son.
Rachel Cooper: I was clean with him. I got clean. When I found out it was pregnant. Um, and, yeah, I have my body doesn't carry babies. Well, I had him at 27 weeks pregnant.
Rachel Cooper: And he wasn't withdrawing or anything, but, um, you had to stay in the incubator, because it was so small. Well, I'm about a week before you is ready to be released, um,
Rachel Cooper: Before my court date to see if I was going to get to keep them. I was arrested on some more sense. And I missed my court date. And because of that, and because of my prior cases, they all they took them from me and I haven't seen him since.
Richelle Direny: So you sign away your rights and he was like, no.
Rachel Cooper: I didn't sign away my rights. They just took my rights.
Richelle Direny: Hmm, and he was legally adopted by another family. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So the only person, the only child, you have full custody of your daughter.
Rachel Cooper: Yeah, and my mom has guardianship of for go he can sit in here. Oh.
Rachel Cooper: God why, excuse me, why can't you sit in here on the phone. I didn't ask you to take camp well
Richelle Direny: When did you move back in with your mom.
Rachel Cooper: Just a couple days ago, but it's like this every time I come to visit to. That's why I'm not here a lot
Richelle Direny: So where do you say if you're not living with her.
Rachel Cooper: random places lover, a lot me stay the night outside wherever
Richelle Direny: I'm I mean this, it seems like it will be a trigger both
Rachel Cooper: For trigger. But if I'm not here. I guess I am you know brain damage from my strokes. I have memory issues. I won't. I don't remember. I don't have a phone to use to call you guys. Um, I don't have access to my kids if I'm not here. It's only choice. I just have to deal with it.
Richelle Direny: And then, have you been
Richelle Direny: When was the last time that you've used
Rachel Cooper: Oh yes, I might use about two weeks ago.
Richelle Direny: And around the time that you the two weeks, was a lot of what's going on currently what's going on as well.
Rachel Cooper: Happens every day. So, yeah.
Richelle Direny: And you use the in in what did you use when you use
Rachel Cooper: Heroin
Richelle Direny: And use it to cope with your stressors.
Rachel Cooper: That helps
Richelle Direny: And that's why you were sick when we weren't able to meet because you were coming off with the heroin.
Rachel Cooper: No, no, because I only used at that one day and it takes more than just one use for me to get dependent on it again. I was sick because I was literally sick.
Rachel Cooper: I lost my voice and
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: You don't have any other family or anyone
Richelle Direny: That is sober support.
Rachel Cooper: I have no money.
Rachel Cooper: I have no money to do it on my own.
Rachel Cooper: I'll get there. That's the point of going back to school. And that's the point of view on with all of this so I can so I can get there, but I know
Richelle Direny: You do understand that even though you say that you will get very easy to not understand that to go on this journey by yourself. It's going to be very hard.
Rachel Cooper: I, there was a the phone was ringing. I apologize. What did you say
Richelle Direny: No, I said, even though you say that you're going to get there, but to do it by yourself to do it alone with so much on your plate. It's going to be very, very hard and your chances are your own, you know, for you are relaxed will be great.
Rachel Cooper: Yeah, that's what they call me a chronic relapse, sir.
Rachel Cooper: Because I relapsed so often.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. Because, but, but, I mean, if it's if you're relaxing any indication of mirroring any of what you just what you're encountering right now to do that alone, it's always going to be. There's always going to be relaxed.
Richelle Direny: Because of what you're dealing with.
Rachel Cooper: Another reason why I thought
Rachel Cooper: Hold on one second, please.
Rachel Cooper: Sorry, I had to go into the other moment. I just want, um, any of the conversation that we heard that's why I thought maybe going back to rehab would be a good idea, but I'm like
Richelle Direny: We have with the real okay so
Richelle Direny: Looking with a rehab. It's, you know, yes, you can go to rehab. It is an option.
Richelle Direny: But you're only there for a period of time. So let's say you're there for two months between detox between I'm going through the program you're getting therapy and all of that, you're kind of take taken away from everything all of the triggers and all of that.
Rachel Cooper: In 19 days 2019
Richelle Direny: So then what are you going to do after 19 days.
Rachel Cooper: Um, they, they helped me what's housing options, looking for, I'm looking for sober living places somewhere to go
Rachel Cooper: But then
Richelle Direny: What you're saying that you have very, very limited support. So after 19 days of being in impatient or your monitor all day. Your, your triggers your, your triggers your temptations or or decreased by
Richelle Direny: 80 to 90% now you go out and they're going to put you in maybe a halfway house or three quarter house, whatever your, your
Richelle Direny: Your temptation has not gone up, let's say 40%
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: With no support. It just makes it that much harder to resist temptation. So
Rachel Cooper: I do
Richelle Direny: And that's why I said, you know, really reevaluating to see in terms of
Richelle Direny: You know you say you have no support, but then taking a step back and saying, is it that you have no support because you opted to really not talk to anybody because of your history and because of what you've done in the past, maybe, or the relationship you have
Richelle Direny: Or you know that you can't call anybody like what about a sponsor. Do you have a sponsor. Sorry, getting Johnson.
Rachel Cooper: I don't have a sponsor and I tried like the, um, um, any meetings like on the phone or whatever.
Rachel Cooper: And the two that I went to the host was just so rude. Like this one guy call was talking and he was crying so badly. And the guy was like, all right, your time's up and kind of hung up on them. And I just, I don't see that that's going to be beneficial at all.
Rachel Cooper: To, you know what I mean, if
Rachel Cooper: I don't know, I just, I don't know. I don't know where I don't know what to do.
Richelle Direny: I just, are you a part of any organization like church organization or anything like that because they have
Richelle Direny: They have, um,
Richelle Direny: What is it, come. Celebrate Recovery groups and things of that nature.
Yeah.
Rachel Cooper: I've talked to many, many, many, church groups and as soon as this coronavirus thing is is over, and I can actually get out of the house and go to them and
Rachel Cooper: Be a part of that stuff. And now that's going to be a big help, because I, you know, I've talked to them. I kept people from church call all the time. I talked to them, you know,
Rachel Cooper: It's going to be helpful. But until then, you know, I just, I kind of just stand the room which it's not, I'm sorry, just caught me in a bad time. It's not as bad as it sounds. It's really not. I just
Rachel Cooper: You know, I'm still going through the motions. That's all.
Richelle Direny: It didn't. And that's understandable. I mean that you know everything. It's always bad in a moment or in a time frame or what have you.
Richelle Direny: You know, even though it's, you know, it may be a toxic situation between you and your mom.
Richelle Direny: Her taking that initiative to take custody of your two children. It still shows that she still does care, the end of the day, she does care for her to allow you to stay with her temporarily. It shows that she's still there. She does care.
Richelle Direny: And it may be in her way. Hmm.
Rachel Cooper: She allows me to stay here for money reason she's not for me.
Richelle Direny: Got it. She, she could say, regardless of the money or what have you.
Richelle Direny: She couldn't make other decisions you understand it's hard to see it because maybe of the behavior or what have you. But again, you know, for right now, if it's what you have, you try to work through what you have
Richelle Direny: But I can definitely say I know especially large organizations they have church organization, especially they have programs for women.
Richelle Direny: That are dealing with addiction. They help them with housing and, you know, give them skills to help them with different skills that they need to be employable and to get back on their feet. It's just a matter of you.
Richelle Direny: You know, look, seeking it out just like how you saw that right out heart. Yeah, the same way that you have to seek them out and just kind of
Richelle Direny: Stick with it because I know here. I'm not in Michigan. I'm in Florida, and I know here. They have a lot of programs like that where they how's the women.
Richelle Direny: And they help them practically with almost everything.
Rachel Cooper: Yeah, I am. I eventually once I can get a, you know, get schooling over whatever I eventually want to move out of Michigan. I don't know where I don't care where I just want to go somewhere, um,
Rachel Cooper: I just sucks because you know sometimes my mom can be my best friend, all the time, she can be the way she is now which is most of the time. And I just, I have to deal with her for the rest of her life. SHE'S GOT CUSTODY OF MY SON, you know,
Rachel Cooper: I can't live without them.
Richelle Direny: Know, it sounds like she think you're saying she has
Rachel Cooper: She has guardianship of my daughter. All I have to do, especially now that I'm clean is just go down until them. I want her back, but not going to do that until I'm in the right state of mind can actually fight for at least visitation with my son.
Richelle Direny: Um, I know you'll get through it. We're here for you.
Richelle Direny: Thank you know and I will send you messages to try to remind you know as I know to try to remind you, Rachel. You got to get on and maybe I have to tell you, half an hour before. Okay, get on now. So by the time you get on you on time.
Rachel Cooper: That would be perfect if you could, and eventually I'll, I'll get the hang of it. Once I you know I just got so much on my mind. Plus, you know, on the memory issues I have
Rachel Cooper: I would, that would help so much I would really appreciate if that was a possibility.
Richelle Direny: And but then for groups. You have to know if it is that the number I sent you the message on you send that to your mom's phone
Rachel Cooper: Yes, yes, I'm hoping Sunday that I'll be able to get a new phone.
Richelle Direny: Okay, if you do you have to just send me a message. So we can update the number for group because you also have groups on Tuesdays and
Richelle Direny: The thing is with groups, you have to be consistent attending the groups in order to get your because then what will happen is if you keep missing the groups, you will, they will bridge your script, you won't get your full weeks worth of scripts.
Richelle Direny: Right, okay. Okay, let's reschedule with let's read. Let's schedule for your next appointment.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Your next appointment is going to be next one.
Richelle Direny: What time is best
Rachel Cooper: I'm afternoon like this, if possible.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, I mean, well the next one I have is five o'clock for me.
Rachel Cooper: That's perfect. I'm going to put it in this this I'm gonna go get a planner and all of that, too.
Richelle Direny: I will. Don't worry. I'll send you a reminder
Rachel Cooper: Thank you.
Richelle Direny: Lucy's at 630 and I'll have to send out for them to put in a reminder for group on Tuesday. Okay.
Rachel Cooper: Thank you very much.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. So you're all set for on the 18th so far.
Rachel Cooper: Okay, thank you.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Have a good one, Rachel.
Richelle Direny: See you on Tuesday.
Blake Grodis iPhone: Hi, can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: Oh. Oh.
Blake Grodis iPhone: Okay.
Richelle Direny: I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: Very important piece that needs to be here.
Blake Grodis iPhone: Yeah. Um, but I don't even know if we're able to have this meeting, because I don't have money to pay for and I don't understand why I have to pay for, because I had
Blake Grodis iPhone: Good insurance and I had to fork out money every week and my Suboxone prescription because the doctor will only write it for a week forever. He'll never write it for a month supply and
Blake Grodis iPhone: I just don't get that. So I spent $20 a week now as opposed to only spending $20 a month and i don't know i i was i was not informed that I ever had to pay for anything else other than my copay $15 and I see another therapist. So I don't know if they're mistaken, or what but
Richelle Direny: OK, so what, let me let me before, before I
Richelle Direny: Decide to move forward.
Richelle Direny: So this is not just an individual, hold on.
Richelle Direny: This is not just an individual session for today. This is because you are or this is your new to the program. Right.
Blake Grodis iPhone: Right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: And so you met with Dr farago
Richelle Direny: Yeah. And so now you're meeting with me to do the intake.
Richelle Direny: Okay, by a psychosocial. And so if you're seeing a therapist in I'm in the community, then that will be a little different.
Blake Grodis iPhone: Yeah, I mean I'd see it there because and a psychiatrist.
Blake Grodis iPhone: Matters.
Richelle Direny: Hold on. One moment.
Blake Grodis iPhone: But I don't know what in the community means
Blake Grodis iPhone: Like in my community.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so do you see. Okay. Do you see it outside of bright heart. Do you see a therapist.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay, so that's fine if you want to continue to see. We don't have to meet to do individual therapy if you already do that.
Richelle Direny: This is
Richelle Direny: Only I'm a bio psychosocial intake. This is just a part of the whole admission process.
Blake Grodis iPhone: So okay, so they were missing one when they told me I had to pay them money just now.
Richelle Direny: Well you so, so each now. Now, that's all. Depending on your insurance so your injuries. It's how your insurance pays for it. So for every session that you do.
Richelle Direny: Your insurance your insurance is being charged so to see the doctor. There you have to pay a copay for that.
Richelle Direny: To do your bio for what we're doing, you pay a copay for you to meet for individual therapy, you have to be a book called pay. So for every if you come to groups, you have to pay a copay it's all based on whatever your insurance. They are the ones that dictate what is paying
Richelle Direny: I was paying
Blake Grodis iPhone: Right, right. But he called me so self thing. Sorry.
Blake Grodis iPhone: He said yes. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you're so
Blake Grodis iPhone: He said, You're no no I'm not. I'm like, So paintings. I had no insurance. And when I signed up. They sent me an email that said you have a $15 deductible for everything. And that's what it normally always it's like everywhere I go, I pay $15
Blake Grodis iPhone: For my therapist for my psychiatrist for for DR Fargo for anything else I paid $15
Richelle Direny: So when you were like when you logged in. Just now you you paid the same $15 copay
Blake Grodis iPhone: Anything because they were like yourself pay. And I said, No, I'm not. And I said, and I don't have money to pay for self pay I they never told me how much
Richelle Direny: They just said yourself, if this is what we can do. Um,
Richelle Direny: So do you want me to can't speak to them to figure out what it is. So then you're not charged for something that you are not ready to pay for
Right.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Blake Grodis iPhone: Sorry.
Blake Grodis iPhone: Go ahead. Go ahead.
Richelle Direny: I'm sorry. Yeah, no, I don't. I don't. So again, like I said, this is the bio. This is just a part of the whole intake process or the, the whole admissions process.
Richelle Direny: So if you were on aware that this was going to be a self paced session because it's a bio, which I'm but I would think. I don't know. Don't quote me on it. I would think it's going to be a little bit higher.
Richelle Direny: In comparison to a regular individual therapy session. There is also groups that you would have to do. So just kind of part of right heart. Now when you got admitted into the program. I don't know how they communicated all of this information to you and the charges and everything.
Blake Grodis iPhone: Right, I got an email and everything said $15 copay
Richelle Direny: So if you would like. I can have them reach out to you to kind of discuss in, you know, just to explain to you what is a copay what you have to pay a copay for if you have to pay. Is this for you to meet with me to do the individual or to do the bio, is it self pity or is it copay
Blake Grodis iPhone: Right, that's all I was asking like, I would have assumed it would have been a copay or $15
Blake Grodis iPhone: Which I would have had no problem paying. But you know what I'm saying when he said yourself, pay and I was like, nah, nah, nah, I was like, and I don't know how much it is, but I probably don't have money to pay for that. And he was like,
Blake Grodis iPhone: Oh,
Blake Grodis iPhone: He seemed confused and then he was
Richelle Direny: Oh, okay. This is what I'm looking at. It says
Richelle Direny: Patient is self pay until meets the remaining deductible then $15 copay for doc and and
Blake Grodis iPhone: I paid that though when I signed up. I paid that
Richelle Direny: Paid and it seems like therapy is self pay. That's what it says here, so this is what I'll do. Let me go ahead and have them give you a comb to explain. Explain your at least the insurance aspect of it. And then at that point you can go from there.
Now,
Blake Grodis iPhone: If it is self pay is there. Is it going to be okay if I just see my therapist Lindsay for, like, can we somehow do it like that because
Blake Grodis iPhone: My job is Lindsay, you know, I paid $15 every appointment to see it. So,
Blake Grodis iPhone: Go ahead and all that. That's gonna work fine. Then I'll just do that, you know,
Richelle Direny: One. Yes, you can see, I'd like I said, if you're because I personally speaking, you don't. I don't know why you would need to see two separate therapists work on the same issues and my understanding, I don't know that insurance will pay for you to see two different counselors.
Blake Grodis iPhone: Dogs probably laughing
Richelle Direny: Yes, they're not gonna pay for two for the same thing. Now again this session today.
Richelle Direny: It's not an individual, it's not as a therapy session today, it's, it's an intake session for me to get to know your history in terms of the addiction and why you joined the program and just kind of that now.
Richelle Direny: What would be required outside. Have you seen Dr farago is that you would have to come to the group's every Tuesday at 630
Blake Grodis iPhone: Right, and I will
Richelle Direny: Okay, so those are the two things we can, if anything, we can check in every couple months. Just so I can check in to see how is everything going
Richelle Direny: But you don't need to meet with you're seeing a therapist outside. No, we don't need to do individual sessions, if you're already seeing a therapist outside
Blake Grodis iPhone: Okay, good. Yeah, I really, I mean, I've done with Lindsay, a long time. I really like her. She's at my their psychiatrist his office. So it just works out. You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. So if you would like, Did, did you pay on ready for this session.
Blake Grodis iPhone: No, I didn't.
Blake Grodis iPhone: He just I told him, I said, he never even told me how much it was, which was kind of weird. And I just, but I was like, I'm not a soap bag. I have insurance, and I go,
Blake Grodis iPhone: And I paid my deductible. When I signed up. I had to get paid immediately. I go, it was like a few hundred dollars. I paid that and then I paid my
Blake Grodis iPhone: deductibles. Every time I love with the doctors, um, I go, I, I'm just confused. And he goes, well, here, let me give you Michelle's number and he basically pawn me off on the same can on. I mean, and I
Blake Grodis iPhone: Just know okay he gave me the number to love to log into the session. Anyways, you know what I mean. Without me giving them any form of payment.
Blake Grodis iPhone: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So let's see if I'm so again it's up to you because I don't want you to get charged for something that you know you're not ready to pay for years. So
Blake Grodis iPhone: I said I thought you said this is just part of the admissions and this ain't a normal therapy session. So like this would just be considered like norm.
Richelle Direny: Well, no, listen, every day. That's what I'm saying to you every encounter. I believe comes with some type of fee that you have to pay. Now what this particular encounter.
Richelle Direny: Fee is going to be, I don't know, you would have to speak with the finance department about that. So if you want to get that rectified with them first before you continue with me today I have no problem in rescheduling for us to do our for us to do your bio psychosocial
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Blake Grodis iPhone: You can't. There's no way for you to figure out how much money this is going to cost me so we can just get it done now. Like, I'm so
Blake Grodis iPhone: Because this guy has to be done either way right like
Richelle Direny: It hasn't been done.
Blake Grodis iPhone: It had if I want to say if I want to stay with Bray are, it has to be done right.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you
Richelle Direny: Got to do the bio, you have to do the bio, but it's the book again.
Richelle Direny: I, I will contact Danielle and have them give you a call to have a more in depth conversation about the financial piece and then once she has that appointment.
Richelle Direny: With you, or she calls you to talk to you about that. I will have them reschedule you based on my calendar for you to do the bio yes the bio is a part of the program.
Richelle Direny: And like you said you already know the groups is a part of the program and seeing doctor farago the individual if you're already seen someone individually for regular therapy sessions.
Richelle Direny: That's different. But if you don't know how much, what the cost factor is associated with today, whether it's $15 or whether it's more than the $15 that's a conversation, you would have to have with them.
Blake Grodis iPhone: Okay, so you can put me back with them. I appreciate it.
Richelle Direny: Well no I there's no way for me to send you back over to them, you would have to, um, I'll tell I'll tell them to give you a hall.
Blake Grodis iPhone: To all right, or do I go to the virtual clinic.
Richelle Direny: Yes, go to the virtual clinic, go to the
Blake Grodis iPhone: Recording
Richelle Direny: All right. Thank you.
Richelle Direny: Sorry, that's okay.
Blake Grodis iPhone: Okay.
Blake Grodis iPhone: But I'm trying man. And I'm
Blake Grodis iPhone: I would like to discuss it because it's just something that I almost want to get off my chest because like I've been on Suboxone and I've dealt with.
Blake Grodis iPhone: I traveled around the country since 2003 and I've been on Suboxone since 2006 and I've seen many, many Suboxone doctors across the country since oh six, and I just them.
Blake Grodis iPhone: I don't know. I'm never been on a one week script in my life, ever. And I heard of it. I definitely heard of it. I've heard of it for short periods of time I doctors doing it and I've been on I've been in pain management programs. I was in, I just have a history, I've
Blake Grodis iPhone: Just I was diagnosed with Jay era, when I was five years old by the University of Ann Arbor. So when I was 19 I was put on like more pain medication that a cancer patient should be on and
Blake Grodis iPhone: That's what started everything and it just as soon as I found Suboxone I basically got on Suboxone but then I heard myself on Vegas. I went back to pain management.
Blake Grodis iPhone: And then I was getting pain pills out there. And then I got back on Suboxone and now I'm basically trying bright heart because I heard it's something new, progressive and that's about the short story so
Blake Grodis iPhone: Um, I don't know. It just, it seems like it's more harder than it should be, but
Richelle Direny: Again, I don't know if it's misunderstanding.
Richelle Direny: In what was explained to you, but this is that, like I said, I think it will be not right for you. If I tell you, okay, this is I can only read what I see in the system. It's
Richelle Direny: A one liner.
Richelle Direny: I am not going to go into depth and tell you more get you confused. Then you move on to the next person. And then you're confused because of what I told you.
Richelle Direny: That only gets you even more upset and then you think, what kind of program is this. They're telling me one thing. And so it's basically
Richelle Direny: I'm only the counselor. I'm only doing what we do now. Then you have the financial person who goes in depth. They go through and tell you everything that your insurance pays for what the copay is
Richelle Direny: The person who checks you in. He's only they're kind of like when you go to the doctor's office and you check in, you have a copay. What is the copay. Well, this is it.
Richelle Direny: According to this it saying every time you meet with me. It's self pay whatever that is, they would have to tell you, because it doesn't tell me here what that amount is
Richelle Direny: OK. OK.
Richelle Direny: I'll just go
Richelle Direny: Just go back to virtual clinic. I'm just telling them that you're coming
Richelle Direny: Thank you.